hello everybody and welcome to another
episode of unconventional forex trading
channel I've been out for a while I'm
not making lots of videos since a while
but basically because there's nothing
more to say in regards to forex I
expressed in my previous videos and you
should watch them if you're interested
to this kind of topic so trying to read
the markets using math by watching my
other webinars in this channel and that
it's just make a point of the things
even because by reading the emails that
are you receiving and it's all can we
use some with some of you via Skype a
lot of confusion emerged in regards to
the actual setup that the majority of
trader have
when approach into Forex Forex is not an
exact science
and because of this requires an approach
that allows to read the markets properly
and also requires some study and
discipline when executing the trades
when closing the trades so basically I
would like to show you today something
that is related to this as you can see
I'm not trading now today is Friday
it's just 18 October 2019 so I'm sure
that most of you will check also what
they see here by reading their own
charts as usual I am running my UFO
expert advisor in order to identify
possible trends and the strengths and
weakness of currencies and trading
coherently with that but today is a
specific day on which I made some trades
in the morning and I will show you in a
minute
but I made something different because
I've received different requests to show
how this technique develops through time
and also another topic that was very
asked many times was about how to build
a profitable strategy which in my
opinion and in not only in my opinion is
made by two major elements one regards
the analysis of the market that
originates the ideas of trading and the
strategy of positioning the trade and
placing the orders and the other part is
made by some money and risk management
which is very crucial at the certain
point so let's go first of all by
showing you what I did I basically
copied my trade zone from my real
account into a demo account for about
two weeks as I wanted to mirror the
trades that I made of course in in this
this case I didn't use any specific
money management
it was necessary to go to a procedure of
testing the strategy and testing the
analysis of the markets by not using any
kind of money management and I will
explain you know in a minute
why I am saying this of course I'm not
saying that money management is not
important is crucial but part of the
money management it has to be embedded
in the analysis that we do because a
good analysis of the markets indeed
lowers the risk and creates simplified
and more effective money management and
let's go directly to the point and in
regards to this account which you can
see the number here even if it's very
little
I created a sequence of
semper ari
temporary let's say reports in today's
of what I traded starting from the 8th
of October 2019 ok so you can see here
the very first trades has been done
starting on the 8th of October so 10
days ago
ok so
this was the first bunch of trades and
as you can see this work trades that
were running on the world open trades so
very beginning with some positive some
negative okay
by going further and how and I will make
a brief storytelling about this and then
I would go to the topic so this this was
the first day okay I started making
these trades and then let's go to the
next day this is of course the end of
the day
other than this I had other elements of
analysis that pushes me to to open
positions that are stated here and of
course it's up to you to verify every
single element of the symbols that I use
the currency pairs that I used and the
level of price and time so you can check
everything to see that everything is
clear and transparent of course instead
of reading this boring list is better to
see the development that led me even
with some negative positions of
course--i because the more you train the
more is possible that something is going
wrong it's not only always the Cleary's
of bad analysis but I think you can
agree with me that in the last month's
we are observing forex market that it's
very ranging and very hard to predict
because of the many situations economic
politics situations that are occurring
all over the world
think about Trump
we'll say the brexit the Europe issue
the Asian facts that are correlating
with the other side of the planet and
this results in a lots of arranging days
stagnant rate ranging days where it's
very hard to predict the movements or at
least it's very hard to find a trend
that can be consistent and constant for
more days
what I always explain to you and made a
point of this is that in my opinion the
best way to trade Forex is by doing
intraday trading swing trading it's
possible I made it also as well for
certain days but let's say like 5% 95%
of my trading is day training every day
markets reset create a new setup create
a new balance between euro and dollar
which are the most liquid currencies
that we have and builds all the system
and the movement of the other pairs
accordingly to this so by having an
approach of the trade intraday trading
we get more chances to enter the market
exit the market stay out from possible
gaps of the the next day
stay out of possible issues that create
undesired movements of the pair's so
this was the the 8th of October okay and
I raised by by trading always one lot
and this is not part of the money
management is just to have a
straightforward one position but of
course the lot size has to be coherent
and designed with the balance that we
have
I cannot trade one lot and I'm not
suggesting for trade one not with a very
small balance
this is money management and as I said
in this case this no money management is
just pure analysis and training which
this gives us some information that
regards the quality of the analysis a
good analysis lowers the risk itself and
this is a crucial point at least from my
point of view and from my opera tivity I
prefer to have money management aside
with a good analysis that lowers my risk
and in order to understand how much the
risk is lower at buyer and analysis
trading activity without stop-loss or
take profit it's just too
place the orders trade and close the
orders very simple but there's always
also that part the money management that
is very crucial to optimize a good
analysis going further on the nine of
October the day after so what we see
here is the historical trading history
position I went to another step I made
some losses and I made some gains and I
raised my my balance to four thousand
four thousand units from two thousand
initial of the day before okay
then we got the ten of October and this
is always the same trading account okay
this is one from 4,000 I went to 4017
4700 so not that much that day
than the 11 of October
I mean
another profit of 6,000 so from initial
balance of 10,000 I went to 12 14 16
than the 16 16th of October
as you can see there are many trades of
course running even more I got to be
spike I hate today
where markets were really trending and I
raised my my profit to thirty thousand
so a balance over 40,000
units
than the 16th of October
and I'm showing this to show you that
even if you have some negative positions
it doesn't matter
the moment you are having also
profitable positions that are even
stronger okay
so in this day I take a snapshot of the
new trace that I would that I was
running and as you may notice they were
all in positive setup not the Eurodollar
that was against me but I've raised
14 plus this one more 3000 so that
capital that was the 17 of October has
grown
other 7,000 units so to raise the 47,000
units okay
and finally today which is the 18th of
October 2019 in the morning I place it
some orders here
this one's this one's
okay in the morning
the
in order to bring my initial balance of
10,000 to 50,000
so this is the history of two weeks of
course not trading the Saturday and
Sunday and not trading certain days
where markets were choppy not
significantly clear to trade but in the
other all I got a very positive ending
of my trading activity
this has to be crucial because this
shows me that my analysis
of the markets by using math it's
already
kind of
more risky
proof
more it contains already a sort of
shield from at least big part of the
risks that normally when we trade we are
facing
this results of course are just part of
the thing let me go
so
what makes a strategy
profitable
there are two factors first
market analysis
in my case I'm using month
by saying that I'm using math despite
the fact that you can go and check and
watch the dozens of videos that are
already published in regards to this
topic is basically measuring
the 28th currency pairs getting the date
currencies determining weak and strong
currencies and combining them to placing
orders
okay
this is this the straightforward process
and requires a bit of time every day and
of course if you do that with any kind
of tool without any kind of tool it can
be very exhausting and stress and stress
moment but you need some tools in this
case I have my UFO
expert advisor running a 94
and
my Excel
spreadsheets
which are given me Dean
to market performance of every day
then there is another element which is
the money risk
and this is crucial for what we're going
to do because we take in consideration
our balance we size
the lots of the trades of the orders we
are placing and
we take in consideration that we take
profit the moment this scenario changes
so the moment I see that
a new currency becomes weak or another
currency becomes strong in place of the
previous one I closed the orders and
take profit no matter what the profit is
and regard the stop-loss that I'm not
using stop-loss in the traditional way
stop-loss is the kind of facts or which
in a real account has to be in the order
of the two percent of my balance so if
my trade is stronger or is generating a
loss that goes more than two percent
sometimes can be three percent but let's
stay on the effect of two percent of my
balance I closed the trades and restart
this way losses are controlled
and gains are in function of the trend
of the market of that day
it seems very simplistic way to approach
but it's all here because in a market
analysis basically you have to determine
if something is going up or down and you
have to combine morph more elements of
of the currency pairs together in a kind
of equation but for all of them you have
only to decide it if it's going up or if
it's going down and in the other case
the second part of the strategy is to
control the risk and control the money
flow that you are managing
if in your case you are wondering how to
beat your own strategy makes you
rich or somehow profit
always test first your idea of analysis
of course on a demo account
we are account and without any money
management this way you will know how
you will know the quality of your
analysis a good analysis let's say the
perfect analysis does not require any
money management but we know that in the
real world is not like this the perfect
analysis does not exist instead that can
be a very good analysis that can be that
then can be improved enhanced by having
money management
attitude
if your analysis is weak or is
generating more losses than profit even
if you have a good money management you
will not go very far from where you are
but if you put your focus on analyzed
properly the market and put your
discipline into a kind of I don't know
be like a Robert always reply the same
and the same of the same operations
every day and you notice that you are
generating profit despite the money
management then this this first factor
of a profitable strategy is achieved
once you have achieved this then you
focus
applying the money management rules
which are very simple and you perform
with more accuracy your trading activity
this is the suggestion suggestion that I
thinking about giving you because a lot
of you are writing me saying pass me or
Excel send me or UFO whatever you know
guys this is stuff to stuff to four or
five years of my life and it is
something that cannot be given for free
but I really do trust you on the fact
that by watching my webinars which I
speak about the approach to the forex
markets using math can give you some
stash of information to do your own job
your own homeworks and be aware of what
you're doing in the forex market
but the important thing is that you have
clear mind that is not only the money
management that makes you richer but
it's also good analysis of the markets
and know what's going on and knowing the
time too that it's good to enter the
markets and the other times were to stay
out and wait for a good situation it's
not always that you have to trade all
the time sometimes you better sit and
watch or doing something else and wait
for the moment in fact you can agree
with me that in the last weeks or months
forex markets are even more harder to
predict because of all the exogenous
factors that are running into the world
and banks and central banks that are
deciding new monetary policies or
whatever so we are now in the middle of
a storm and we have to be very careful
acting with knowledge and discipline if
we want to be successful in training
even because it's not easy otherwise we
would be all rich and this is not
happening
so in my case I worked it very hard to
create this expert advisor which is the
UFO for those who are following me since
a while you know that is basically the
stuff that tells me the strength and the
weakness of the currencies tells me my
the percentage of my balance that I'm
risking them when this element goes to
minus 2 minus 3 percent I close the
trade and if it goes above there's no
problem and of course I have this kind
of filter that not always is the filter
that I'm using the sense that once I
have the suggestions from this analysis
then I go and check the charts for
example at this moment it says that TVP
New Zealand dollar is in cell mode and
let's check what it's going now GBP $10
this say this is one minute chart
okay
so
but as you can see if you take the cell
mode when you are here and you go
blindly then you have a negative moment
prior to a positive movement so a very
crucial and important thing to do is to
analyze once you have an analysis of the
markets
what is going on with the price of that
of that bear that you have selected and
think about the fact that if you are
having this initiative range and then
you're starting to see retracement then
you should wait or have also other
elements of analysis prior to enter the
trades I'm basically saying that this
engine that reads and tells me in real
time what the markets are doing not why
the markets are doing what they are
doing telling me what they are doing
then I have to understand if that is the
proper moment to enter or I don't know
maybe reading the volumes which in this
moment or using other
techniques like support resistance and
some of you are using indicators there
consult there can also be the
possibility to use some indexes market
indexes indices for having a better idea
or what is going on for each country I
would say like that's like Nasdaq so
there are many ways to approve or deny
the sentence that is that is put here
because it can happen that the pairs
that we are going to trade they have
already expressed the move or they are
ready to do that of course you have
always to wait for being on a ranging
phase for then entering the trades
rather than picking up a trade one is
already doing the big move but this
comes with experience and by trading day
by day and by having some period of of
practice practice that the majority of
us do not do it all so I think you can
agree with me that
the analysis of the markets it's crucial
to reduce the risk we can trade by
having a good analysis without money
management but I don't think says my
experience that having a bad analysis
and having a good money management can
makes us profitable traders so my
suggestion and invitation in order to
reply these situations with the video to
your emails and questions is to make a
daily effort to build your analysis
based on principles that are stable and
math is very stable it's just numbers
if you do the same operation a hundred
times the results are always in the same
with the same meaning okay and the
interpretation has to be always the same
and if by doing this the analysis leads
you to this result then you know that
the step one
market analysis is done and then your
you have it takes only that you apply
money management to to complete
the Opera tivity of a trader which also
has to take care of the management of
the money that that the trader has okay
so this examples of more trades in more
days on the same account
I hope gives you an idea that trading
the markets it's possible by having by
using an intraday approach rather than a
swing trading approach if you notice the
swap column here the values are always
zero for the 90% of the trades, there was
only one day that I basically took
the orders open for two days
and you may notice here ... EURGBP GBPNZD GBPCHF...
but they are very few
one two three four five six seven eight
nine nine trades on 191 total trades
okay so those trades were trades of a
few days
the rest was intraday also the mentality
of trading day by day it's kind of good
exercise for not becoming rigid to
remember what you're doing and to get
practice because if you trade not very
often you don't make analysis very often
as well and if you know that your trade
depends on your analysis every day it's
more likely that sooner or later you
will have better understanding of the
movements of the players I know it's
boring sometimes I know it's stressing
sometimes I know it's mental fatigue
that
sometimes it's not very rewarded by the
prophets but keep going in these
directions for those who are choosing
the manual trading instead of the
automated one it's it's very necessary
and try to imagine that even if rather
than trading well not because I am lazy
and I don't want to put the zero point
time lot whatever if I had would have
trade under the lot
0.10 as a lot size in two weeks I would
have gained ten thousand euros I would
have gained four thousand euros four
thousand euros on ten thousand euros in
two weeks less than two weeks
don't you think is enough
and with a sizing of the lots of 0.10 it
would have been even more money money
management friendly the analysis is
itself I would have lowered even more the
risk without using stop-loss lines that
would have been catched immediately by
the broker because you have to give the
time to
a currency pair to develop and move and
make its own oscillation so these
results are amplified made in a way to
test the quality of my analysis because
by trading with propensity
to risk very high if my analysis was
wrong I would have blown my account on
the first day but I did not can imagine
that by trading that lot size and having
a bad analysis and that trades you blown
your account in hours
but by risking that much the method
revealed that using math is the right
way to approach forex which is made with
numbers as I say and by using math even
with the very risky approach the results
that have been generated are impressive
not using indicators not using
oscillators of course oscillators I use
them by creating by myself
oscillators in my Excel spreadsheets
that I'm not using any kind of technical
analysis in the conventional way we know
by surfing the web and see the many ones
that are claiming the most effective
indicator available
it's just a matter of focusing on what
you believe is right to do and with math
is very simple you measure from close to
another close and then you put together
the data of every currency pair and then
you build your currencies clusters and
then you go analyzing the currency
clusters and by doing that magically you
find out what is strong and what is weak
on that you decide what currencies you
currency pairs you would like to trade
and then you focus on the charts to have
a better analysis of the price action
that it's occurring at that moment
trying to find out a good point of entry
of a good positioning point to place the
orders a new hedge by trading the weak
against the strong
once you've done that you decide also
what lot size to use and how much of
your balance you are going to risk and
then you stay strict to that methodology
like if you were a computer like if you
were a robot and results will come very
soon because you are applying the same
method again and again and again so what
I'm suggesting you is first of all if
you are interested to approaching the
forex market by using math to take a
look at my previous videos on which I
talked about this topic I think that
those videos are containing enough
information and in fact some of you are
writing me showing their own Excel
creations or approach to forex with some
statements and results by using math and
this is very encouraging for what
regards my conviction and my ideas on
trading
on Forex market and so I think
this information that is on my channel
is already enough for you to start and
to study of course it's not that just
what should we do one time you will
understand everything it took me four or
five years to understand something what
do you think you are? I'm not a genius
and I don't think you are a genius we're
all genius and we are all not a genius
but what we can be good students
applying study and discipline
practicing at the beginning with a demo
account and when we are ready attempt to
do something on a real account with our
own timing
and knowledge okay
if you think that my videos are not
enough and you would like to have some
mentoring sessions with me or think about
having my tools I think you better
contact me privately via email or
Skype and see if we can find an
arrangement on that but of course
believe me I'm not taking in
consideration like short messages on
emails where I don't even know who is
writing me because they don't have not
even time to write their name or tell me
two words on what they are about! My
time is precious as yours
and I cannot stay from morning to
evening reading and replying to emails
because this is giving my time away for
free this is not possible but of course
those are reading to wreston that are
serious that they are making their own
path well I'm always open to see if
there is a point of agreement okay so I
will evaluate this case by case
with this said I conclude this session
of unconventional forex trading I really
thank you for watching
even this episode I thank you everybody
for your interest for subscribing this
channel for the contacts that you are
taking with me daily and as usual I wish
you good space good time good weekend
more widely... good Life!