hello fellow traders and welcome to this
new webinar
my unconventional forex trading channel
today is the 6th of December 2019 it's
Friday
markets are almost going to close and
the purpose of this video and publishing
is in order to accomplish a kind of
demonstration and as well tutorial for
those who are already are owning and
using the tools that I'm about to show
and also of course showing the
possibility of applying math for the
daily Forex analysis using spreadsheets
therefore using Excel have to be honnest
the last months I got so many mails and
also Skype contacts requesting to have
this tool and of course for those who
were supporting the project and decided
to do that
I decided to create a tailored version
of my tools especially Excel
on which they could have had some kind
of reliable template to start and to
create their own strategy accordingly to
math basically is that and so this video
will have this purpose and ...
this kind of curiosity from you public
in regards to this topic it it's being
rising day by day just because of some
videos that I've posted in the past
and of course if you are new to this
channel and you would like to have more
information I strongly suggest you also
to take a look to my previous videos
there are published both in the channel
and also in the playlists of this
channel so you can have a
better overview of what I'm talking
about today so let's go into this stuff
and I hope to become useful also in this
case also in this presentation and
of course here I have Metatrader account
for demonstration and for educational
purposes where I applied of course as
usual my approach to forex and forex
analysis and with the statement of a
week of trading
the very first week of December 2019 and
saying you of course the time we are
referring to so that you can and I
strongly invite you to verify the
content and the charts with your own
charts and you will see everything that
match so there is no scam of this is
just that I will like really to
share at least the attitude that it's
possible somehow not saying to beat the
market the market is unbeatable because
it's managed by evil people but somehow
that can be more predictable less
stressful and
more convenient and a certain point even
in terms of profitability so let's start
from some results and then we go into
the topic and into the tools I'm talking
about so as you may notice here I
have the historical trades I perform it
in this week and as usual my counter my
uUFO expert advisor is running still so I
can have a confrontation with the values
of my spreadsheets is still running for
a while until the markets are going we
may notice here I have a balance of
15.206.30 units of dollars in this case
let's check...
... deposit...
yes in dollars ... so this is the total
balance at the end of the week starting
from an initial balance of
$10,000 now we have..
$15.206.30 so we had
a +5000... okay you know the
math in this case let's show the
statement so these were the very first
trades I made at the beginning of
the week on Monday and these were the
only ones that I made swing trading as
you may notice we have this swap
commission's okay so these trades were
closed from the second to the fourth so
after two days this was the only trade
that I made as a swing trading you know
there are specific days Mondays Fridays
beginning of the month that have also
some fundamental reasons to move prices
with a specific behavior so they're less
predictable
then all the other trades that I made on
the fourth, on the fifth and on the sixth
were intraday okay so no swaps nothing
about that only the Commissions for the
trades that's it... see ... this is the
graphical representation of the final
balance in a week so this is quite
positive result I got some negative
trades of course also ...I am I can fail
like everybody but the important thing
is that when you trade just one currency
pair you amplify the risk while when
you're trading a portfolio of currency
pairs the risk is mitigated is reduced
some our more controlled and therefore
even if there are some negative results
the overall performance is
quite impressive in order to go with
this I based my analysis on what we see
here which is this tool I'm talking about ... and this tool of course is based on ...
just let me do a brief statement before
ok
let's see if we can make it yeah
I made a video on this I published a
video on this but I won't just briefly
recap so that it's clear how it works in
order to have a spreadsheet with all the
data of 28 currency pairs that then with
formulas are
converted in eight currency values and
then from this eight currency we can of
currencies we can apply our math and
charting
okay we need to feed spreadsheet
with data
fx data
this information comes from
expert advisor that I have built that
runs on MT4
which gives in
real-time information of prices
and then through batch
routine that it's recalled from visual
basic called in Excel creates this
process that from the EA which creates
files with all the prices I was saying a
batch routine that it's transferring
this files to a spreadsheet okay because
of some Visual Basic some macros created
in Excel then we can go along through
all this process for those are owning
this Setup on their computer I have
to make some considerations
in regards to the performance of this
expert advisor which works really well
sometimes there can be problems and with
this then I solve also this tutorial part
which is important anyway to make notice
from time to time
I mean that can be that one day there is
no interruption at all other days that
can be one or two interruptions so in that
case the expert advisor must be reloaded
on the chart it works on what one chart
only that can happen some issues that
are not related to the expert advisor
because I am experiencing this by myself
with daily
frequency but as you may notice our
brokers are not very totally fair or
whatever or also our operating system
can have some issues for example when in
Windows 10 we are having the updates
there are automatically recalled by the
OS it can happen that this will
interrupt or somehow corrupt the normal
internet flow and because of this
Metatrader would kind of stop or stop of
receiving data for a while and the
solution in this case is to just perform
the Windows Update feature and then
reload the expert advisor on MT4 and
everything is working fine there are
other cases where all of a sudden we
have this broken connection or no
connection from the broker and of course
also in this case if we have something
that is expecting data in order to
create all this workflow and is not
receiving data it stops this is why also
when we are talking about automation and
trading robots these are kind of events
so broker side
but even if we have internet connection
that we don't have the connection
for the broker even if for milliseconds
or for some seconds and then broker
again goes back to the normal data feed
even in this cases we cannot predict
that but it happens that the EA stops
in this case we have to wait for the
broker to get back to normal activity
reload the expert advisor which is a
matter of one minute not even that and
then things go back again okay with this
conceptualization I stop this part and I
go back to the spreadsheet anyway I hope
you have clear in mind that in order to
have something that works with real time
behavior must have this kind of setup
okay some data that are collected and
then sent and loaded on the
Excel spreadsheet and then refresh it
you know ... the math and the formulas and
therefore the charting okay
so this is a kind of preface that I had
to do for sure...
okay so let's go back to our spreadsheet
this is the final result of course here
now we are we are observing day of
Friday we have eight currencies you may
see here euro dollar cad swiss franc GBP
Aussie New Zealand dollar and yen and
through the calculation of this
spreadsheet okay we arrive to the only
element that we really need to focus on
and also if we want to create our own
formulas I have settled up something
very simple but then you can start with
and then you can go with your own
creativity if you like but this is the
start the beginning so why did I
organize the cells this way so let's
give a brief recap to the controls
actually I'm not doing anything so I
have my Metatrader running with the
other UFO and basically what it's here
this this replied this this chart and
these values are replying the UFO engine
calculation but here we have some more
information because we have the
historical price action if we can call
it that way that of course has been has
to be read from right to left this
mentally it's also kind of from right to
left because the very first data are at
the top so the present moment it's here
at the top and then backwards in time
this way every time I upload the files
the data feed from the files folder in
Excel and then i refresh my excel so we
have just to make a double click on this
button and then we have also the
completion of
of
percentage of data in this case we are
having 360 bars of maximum data here and
loading only a hundred because for the
day on a 15 minutes time frame okay so
this is the kind of accuracy that I'm
having and this is quite enough to
analyze the day every time this
performance so double-click here once
all the files are loaded and then also
an alarm signal is created generated by
MT4 to advise me that the data are
loaded I have some seconds for creating
an update of my files and a refresh of
my Excel spreadsheets then Metatrader
starts again to recount and we create all
the data feed and then all this
information is going on row below and
then I will have my new updated first
value so this way these charts are
progressing from left to right and we
have the beginning of the day here and
the present time here I think I will do
anyway just because there are 10 minutes
left
let's see if we can make it and create
an update in real time so that we can
better analyze our information okay so
let's try to do this that just give me a
moment and in the mean time that I'm
preparing also this this thing so I am
loading another Metatrader on
which I have loaded the expert advisor
and the expert advisor ...let's see if
it's running so then I can make a final
update before really before the markets
are closing okay
so let's give it a moment to do this
let's see okay so in a brief moment you
will hear a sound and then I will
perform so I can show all also this part
okay effectively now if I'm clicking and
creating this you can see okay now I'm
having an extra
they're going it's going above a hundred
percent because I was having previous
files so we have to be patient moment
and then I will do this in a couple of
minutes okay meantime  I want
to show what it's about this this Excel
spreadsheet so here we have four euro
dollar cad chf gbp aud
nzd jpy the currencies are
displayed and this information see this
is now our first
update we have to wait for a new one
here I was saying I have the graphical
representation of these eight lines that
we read from right to left therefore
this is the behavior of the day of the
currencies we see that New Zealand
dollar went up GBP at a certain point
felt down then this moment in time was
the beginning of the
the American session there was the
non-farm payroll event both for
Canadian dollar and for US dollar and in
fact US dollar went strongly up and
Canadian dollar felt completely you may
of course check in your charts so this
is the graphical representation of the
currency behavior in the day of the
Friday the 6th of December 2019 here we
have the 28 pairs behavior so we can see
that for example here we have the GBP
New Zealand dollar which which was the
weakest pair to trade GBPNZD ... as well as other currencies
so we have the whole behavior there all
28 charts normalized and providing a
sense of movement so now I am finally
updating my spreadsheets so you can see
here we have this hour ok and now by
double clicking here after the sound
hour and refresh in Excel and I wait
some seconds and as you can see the
charts are
updating accordingly to the formulas
that are used to create the currencies
and then this is something I will talk
in a minute so now I have updated and
also I have created a new point in time
of my calculation which I know in the
future if I want to check or make some
further analysis even if the markets are
off
I can always refer to a specific moment
of time therefore I can take the present
point of my analysis and go back with
the bars knowing that this moment is
represented by this time on the charts
okay so this will be also very easy
because every time we do an update or
every hour it depends on the frequency
we can always save our charts and then
create and save the file within with a
new sequence named sequence number
therefore we have a progression and
maybe in a day we can have 10
spreadsheets always with progression of
the day and we can make our
experiments calculations formulas ideas
whatever we want okay okay so now this
charts are representing
are
representing what is going on at this point
in time on let's keep a new chart on a
15 minute charts okay 15 minute charts
from the beginning of the day to the end
of the day in fact let's check and I can
see that New Zealand dollar from let's
say the bar adjust to some extra to be
more clear at least for this purpose
okay let's check this
okay so it's more clear this way
let's focus for a moment on this this
chart
so we may notice that from that 81 79 80
81 bars ago from the present moment from
this moment in time that is of course
related in this case to my time zone but
at the same time we can make the
transpose for the server time on
Metatrader but anyway when we operate in
real time doesn't matter because we know
that we have just made our data update
and refresh so by simply going on in the
charts and going back in time from the
present candle going in this case 80 80
81 which is here ok 3 o'clock 4 o'clock
in the morning morning server time we
had effectively that New Zealand dollar
was strong and GBP was week and this is a
movement of 130 140 pips okay
and basically we could have any way
noticed that at beginning of the day the
GBP New Zealand dollar was already the
pair to be traded somehow with it's like
kind of filter in this case or a kind of
confirmation of the analysis here all we
can notice for example that at this
point in time the graphical
representation of the CAD this is the
CAD okay and USD
saying to me that in this area we had
this jump up this big spike out of USD
and CAD and also of course USD long
against yen against AUD also against New
Zealand dollar
as well against EUR.. this is a
great spike and same way but the
opposite sense of CAD short against
these currencies if we go and check for
example usd/cad
this moment in time on a 15-minute chart
from this point it occurs at
34 bar ... okay and here we have this moment represented
this is 35 okay we have always to pay
attention to the fact that it's not
precise a hundred percent in the sense
that he was starting from 1 backwards
but in the charts the present bar is
zero so we have to consider that if it's
35  in this numeration
enumeration in real is 34  but
these are you know details that you have
only to keep in mind is that a problem
of course this is the graphical
representation of what the markets did
but of course it's also hard to read in
the time before that this move would be
expected this way because if we see in
the very previous periods before the
move USD and CAD were basically flat at
the beginning of the day we were having
more focus on the London session where
of course GBP and EUR were moving more
than other pairs... but here is not very clear this
is what the markets did okay so why
using math with Excel and in order to
predict the analysis in my opinion math
it's like as I said also in my previous
webinars the 75% of the analysis if we
are traders anyway if we have to be
somehow connected to the market and buy
some simple tools that are available for
free on the internet we can really also
know this news you know awareness on
that on that which is a bit like trading
from the Mendel's but it's not exactly
trading on the news and referring just
that we know that there are some major
events that are occurring with the
certain frequency where central banks
big institutions make the prices of
course they will flat everything so that
will not be predictable
so we have to assume that at that
moments for example today at that time I
was still having lunch with friends so
was not even you know in that situation
even sometimes it's it's very nice you
know to catch those moves
but in real when I have a very smooth
movement of the pair towards a
direction for some hours and then I
realize some profit I can always decide
,and that's what I do, to close my trades
take the profit get out of the market
and relax and do something else in the
day but these are this thing somehow are
predictable in the sense that we can
expect them because we know that we have
to keep in mind that there are also big
hands that are moving because they have
some important data that we will have
with some delay and so they can make the
move prior to any other operator
monetary mass or things like that nor
non-farm payrolls reports unemployment
rates these are kind of fundamentals
fundamental things and in my opinion has
to be taken in consideration at least
for knowing were not to operate in the
market in also in conjunction with the
fact that for me is still the most
important fundamental event is just that
we know if we are trading at the
beginning of the Asian session at
beginning of the London session at the
beginning of the American session so we
can really reduce with math and the
fundamental analysis to these
simple events and also to events that
can increase volatility that can go in
our favor or against us so we have to be
really aware that in this case we have
to understand that in the moment that
could be great profitability great profit
or also great loss so we can decide to
stay out or unless we have other tools
that are allowing us to be more
accurate and have the trades in the
proper direction so this is a very very
important tool that I use
every day for my analysis okay but along
with this I have created another bunch
of columns on which I can put my formulas
and this formulas come out in this
next chart ok? can see that?
so for example in this formula I have
the six periods moving average which is
let's keep it this way you know
B1 B 2 B 3 B 4 B 5 B 6
there are Summed and then divided by 6 so as you
may notice this is kind of average that
is not applied to the currency pairs
chart but it's applied to the currencies
which can give me a more smooth
information less fractal but somehow
efficient anyway but as you may know
that we can create many other formulas
ok and I will show you an example
practical example let's just briefly
also see this panel that for today I
will not cover as much as a simple
example we can also have in this case
another bunch of information that it's a
real time information
that can give us more ability to handle
this information with the kind of allert
okay and this of course is based on
logical stuff for example in this case
but you can follow any tutorial on excel
or as regards this part because this is
like so foundation for example this one
says that if the currency value on B2
is < 0 ...is negative
and if the cell the same value of the
six moving average is < 0
simultaneously then I can SELL otherwise
I will do nothing like you know this
cases like this blanks here and if this
is positive and this is positive I can
BUY so in this case you see for example
USD is positive both here and here in
this moment and therefore I ever buy so
this is more logical stuff that's a kind
of what would I do the moment event
occurs in this formula ok if it's major
to 0 if it's positive or negative
very simple because this way we are
somehow trying to replicate and create a
model of the market for that day
so what if for this moment we can focus
only on this because this part is a kind
of extra that we can do in a second
moment but anyway this part comes from
this formula application so this is the
important thing that we also have here
so let's say for example that instead of
doing this formula I would like to do
another form so first of all what I
suggest is simply that instead of going
and you can add more formulas..we can have
ten formulas we can have a hundred
formulas instead of writing in the very
same space which can be we can lose our
previous work because we are over
writing something this is not the case
because we can simply create a copy of
this update spreadsheet final
spreadsheet so we can create a new copy
let's leave it that way but we can also
say for example that get more
information and in this case I will do
an Oscillator.. so I can I can simply
here
here we have we are having
six periods simple moving average case
of this one
as this formula
so that's now let's try to create a
different formula or a new spreadsheet
so even I can also make some comparisons
you know by switching from a type to
another
and in this case instead of having this
formula let's try to create you know you
can find on the Internet a lot of
formulas of the oscillator so it's up to
you also to give some room and space to
your creativity and or if you have your
own ideas on that it's good to test and
see the results and see how the results
can help to give more accuracy to your
analysis so let's do this and let's say
for example to create a simple
oscillator and let's create an average
in this case I will
write the formula and then we will so
let's create an average for example of
cells B2 to B6
Average
oh sorry
- the average
of the cells let's say B2 to B20
and I will explain what I'm doing and I
will show also how to create your own
formulas this way okay so basically what
I'm saying here I'm creating
create the average of a short period
of time and longer period of time and
make the difference okay so when I'm
doing this basically I am applying this
formula to the present time in this case
because it's just one cell present time
of the euro currency which is this one
okay of course I need and as you may
notice this value has completely changed
but I need to propagate this formula for
all the currencies and for all the periods
of my analysis periods that belong to this
part that has to be immutable because
this is the currencies this is this chart
this is the behavior of the currencies
which I started my analysis from ok?
so in order to do this it's a very
simple procedure which I really copy the
formula and as you may notice this has
changed for the present bar and then
propagate for all the periods so I'm
getting this weird but very useful I
think information okay
so now how do we work with the
oscillator of course I can save my
spreadsheet so in this case I can also
have
I can create another copy and I can have
a copy of this at this moment in time
okay so just in this case now markets
are closed the end of the day has gone
let's see if it's true yeah
the time is still it's not moving
anymore
it's fixed so now the data are still
okay so let's go
back here so basically now we have a
formula of the six moving average of
these currencies and now we have an
oscillator of these currencies so let's
give a look at the same elements for
example let's consider let me see in
real time so I can isolate my values and
I can focus for examples up to the very
first moment of the day when GBP made
this action and also let's check
okay and I apply this case I have an
oscillation of only two pairs but I can
always recover all of them okay this is
basic use of Excel we may notice that we
have at the 5757 bars ago from the
present moment we were having this event
of falling of the GBP and rising of the
New Zealand dollar then from bar
approximately 49 we were having also
this information of rising that were was
going down from negative to positive and
stay in the positive part of a chart of
the GBP
accordingly to a movement of the
currency real movement of the currency
in this way so 49 48 49 from 57 okay so
let's check the charts again GDP is even
dollar so let's check by analyzing the
markets with oscillator in this case so
so second 57 yeah 57 sorry 57
57 here 56 57 this which is 45 49 so
let's grab an indication
okay then we were having at the movement
of 45:49 because we can read this at
this point okay
47 48 49 so let's go back in time and
check
50
...47
so at 11:45 around that time
in this case by observing with the
oscillator who would have made 68 tips
around 57 60 pips okay
Sell we were short and we would have
realized that by observing our
oscillator we could have decided to
enter short here and exit our trade the
profit because of the movement that has
been detected by the analysis of the
oscillation of a New Zealand dollar and
GBP so by having this
re-strengthening of the GBP we could have
decided at this point to stop the trade
of course with profit
please verify your charts as well
okay
this is profit let's go back and let's
check in this case the other event
that was quite
unpredictable unless we would have known
that in that moment there were the
non-farm payrolls and the unemployment
rates reports that were being released
by the central bank's so let's check in
this case USD and CAD okay in
this case we would have had a little bit
more of information because if we would
have been trading on the usd/cad indeed
let's also let me do this
this chart as well so we can also
compare by observing the cab that was
above he was d but watching the
oscillation of the cab that was negative
and and the USD the wood was almost flat
if we had a situation that of course
we would have been unaware of this part
of the chart so we would have had this
kind of situation the same thing here
let's say we were at 38 periods periods
before 37 38 40 Periods
okay so let's say 40 periods before
okay
so
13:45
okay
okay so that was the moment in time for
the analysis of the dollar cap if I had
to trade the dollar vs cad by having
negative downwards oscillation of the
cad and flat oscillation of the dollar
if I had to choose between going long or
going short with usd/cad I would
certainly said usd/cad .. long ... because
Cad is falling and USD is rising
always knowing that anyway I would have
other
more accuracy my readings because of
that event of the non-farm payroll as
the every first Friday of the month okay
so if we check that moment in time
let me grab the proper chart I would
have been some how long in usd/cad at
this moment in time
and you do that with the proper color
in this case
okay so in this case at this moment in
time even if I would have been down of
some one two three pips who cares I
would have said I'm going long again
CAD is falling USD is flat so if Cad is
going down so is weak and USD is
not weak the result is that usd/cad it's
going upwards okay
one two three four five at the sixth bar so
one hour and half after
later again from this point in time we
are having 40 periods which is that at
this point in time we would have not had
all the historical information that then
we had and it could have been different
but by having this and having some
readings on the market information with
the tools that are available on the
internet for us regard these kind of
fundamental analysis we would have  completed
our readings as well as let's say for
example that by recalling back gbp and
by having a reading at this point in
time but safe from forty-five periods
ago of let's say GBP CAD
let's be also here to CAD
okay by being around this time we had
this movement of the currencies which
was real but also the oscillation that
was stating something like that
so let's go and check in this case a 45
just round this sorry huh let me grab
properly the things so let's say not 45
but
or discern ok so let's go back 47th
forty
five four to six
around this area that we will check now
let's put this because this is for the
usd/cad so again gbp it's getting strong
in the oscillation and a conformation
with the movement of the currency CAD is
it's getting weak accordingly to this
movement as well if we go and check
let's see at this point in time in this
case let's grab
we know GBP and CAD they're pretty
volatile so we couldn't expect with a
bit of more movement so maybe if we
would have enter the markets around
these this area we would expect the
drawdown of 10 pips okay but we would
have been long gbp long cad short
so GBPCAD long and
12 periods after so 12 is three hours
after we had this spike up of 120 pips
okay
so
in this case of course we have a
completely different setup for as regards
the logical part because it now this is
not settled at all and even if it's not
settled somehow I'm having the
information of
you know these values has to be updated
in the sense that for example in this
case I could put a kind of formula like
that says to me let me check what I
could do just to give you also an
information on this part let's say that
as I'm studying the oscillation
basically I would like to understand if
something is going up or down okay
so basically what I'm saying if the
period one is let's take it this way if
the period one is higher than the
previous period I'm going long and if
the period one is lower than the period
zero previous period then I'm going to
short so in this case what we do we do
if formula where I'm saying that if in
this case I'm I'm doing this for the
very first cell and then I propagate as
usual the information so what I'm saying
is that if this period is
greater than the previous period those
are always comparing these movements so
if this period is greater than the
period then
BUY
Buy statement
else if if this information is opposite
so  K 2 is less than K 3
then SELL
this is very simple I'm not writing here
for example the condition where they are
the same which they are equal but that
can be implemented but this is just for
demonstration purposes and then I hit
enter so now if i propagate this logical
section okay
let's see if I did it right let's go
because here the periods as well for
because they are good for calculation
let's see if there's something was like
that okay you can see that GBP
let me just do both of this because this
way it's more efficient to see okay
about 47 that see 47 can you see the
numbers here
sorry how I made it too much
I hope you can see
okay let's to do this I don't want to
mess up too much with the numbers on the
formula let's say that this is the 47
okay
is that clear 47 okay
so at this point in time
GBP
which is this column
is telling me BUY and of course I would
have this information right here if I
was forty seven bars ago now that time
has passed now these values are
progressively falling down but if I was
at this point in time I would have had
by my logic applied on my formula
oscillator oscillator formula I would
have also a confirmation here of a buy
for as regards GBP and for as regards the
CAD I would have had a SELL okay? so this
way this section works okay also we can
check this graphical representation of
normalized twenty-eight currency pairs
and find out
example the GBP cat situation okay so if
we exclude everything and we go only on
a GBPCAD
okay
at 47 I would have had this kind of
movement and as we notice is exactly
the movement from right to left but if
we check the charts is from left to
right and it's the same thing because
this is a graphical normalized coherent
representation of all
currency pairs in this case that we can
use for comparison and Confirmation okay
well at the end the possibilities are
unlimited if you have some creativity or
ideas that you would like to apply to
your charts instead of using that boring
and un-useful  indicators but you
want to apply your math it's a bit
complicated because you have to code
everything and also you have to get the
currency's value is not a currency pair
the currency's value eight values only
and then you focus on that and then
you've built your currency pairs with
reverse engineering applying with some
formulas that gives you a kind of
indicator of divergence or you can study
you know the divergence with that can do
a lot of stuff but basically I use an
analysis that goes with oscillators to
have a confirmation then I also take
care of the beginning of the London
session the American session the asian
session and also i keep in mind that
there are some days where there are some
macro events that are occurring that can
drastically move the prices therefore i
can decide to operate or to stay out of
the markets for certain hours this way I
can control reduce my risk and live
healthy and with not too much stress
okay
at the end of the journey of a week
I have anyway a very positive
performance and this is undoubted
okay so it's about an hour that I'm
talking I am very tired  now and I would
like also to relax but I know that for
the ones that participated to this
project it's almost a duty for me to be
useful and also to inspire other people
that maybe are not using my exact tools
but at the same time are involved into
this stuff and would like to analyze the
forex market by using Excel spreadsheets
and math and give them some practical
hints so I also gain some kind of ideas
on formulas and how to apply them in
order to be more accurate and precise in
the analysis and what I have been
showing in these situations is pretty
clear and so I always invite you to
double check with your charts to broker
so there will be no misunderstanding
okay all this said I truly thank you for
watching and having the patient watching
to this moment thank you for watching
for subscribing for supporting the
project for writing emails and also some
compliments I really appreciate that
it's part of my motivation and I don't
know maybe in the next video what I will
do would be also depending on what I
receive via email as requests so I
strongly take that in consideration
for creating new videos but this is all for now and as
usual I wish you good life good weekend
in this case so have fun and ...
good space and good time...
Bye!