yeah hi everybody and welcome to this
brief addendum let's call it this way so
something that will be an integration of
the two previous videos that I just
produced so what you're what you will be
watching in this few minutes I would not
make it that long it was an on vacation
and I was not even supposed to do this
trade to do this but to be honest in
after last two videos that I have shown
you that I published I was receiving
even emails and contact while I was
preparing my luggages for making my trip
okay so I had anyway because also I like
this to know show some other functions
of my algorithm share some screens and
some information so I had anyway on the
day of Tuesday evening and Friday and
sorry
Thursday and Friday to to keep open my
platform to keep open my algorithm to
explain it to some of you add in in
private session of course and the result
was that I couldn't avoid to notice that
were some behaviors changing in the
markets exactly in those hours so I was
following that no matter what even if I
was preparing you know my peg to go and
so was a kind of bit of being around and
making anyway some predictions or some
outlooking based on the very fresh data
that were coming from the computations
that I usually do with my expert advisor
you UFO so I created also on Friday I go
on Thursday and Friday and of course I
copied also my trades on a personal
account real account but at the same
time I produce it also a continuation of
the very same account that you saw in
the previous two videos and which is the
goal my channel annual
give enough to give a look to these two
videos before because they were anyway
representing the all the workflow and
all the explanation of the strategy the
hedging strategy that I used and why
that now are ending with the final
result and performance of my portfolio
that I will show you in a minute
so we were starting from this we were
ending here with this graphic that of
course if you go in the video you will
see it who screen although the
informations can also be the banker with
the account that I used for this
particular example and as we see this is
the situation that you can easily check
and compare is exactly the same the same
amount the same performance the same
trait everything is exactly for you I am
going a bit up and down but I live
sometimes so you can stop and check by
yourself if you want to go and detail
each and every operation see the stop
losses that the her not the last we let
the broker know the better we trade and
of course a we were at this point so
what I did on the Friday so at the
ending I'd between the day of Friday
here it was when I just arrived from the
airport and I took a statement on at
this hour then I decided to close some
trades and then to make another
statement at come hours after and then I
made a final statement when the markets
are closed today is Sunday and so this
is very recent I made it an hour ago but
so with the final balance of my account
that it's always you can check is always
the same so let's proceed by grace we
were starting with this situation and
then I told you while I was observing my
algorithm in this in this very to last
two days of the week I started to notice
area we trace of the GBP Australian
dollar while in the week
in the weekly timeframe was anyway
projected as a week GBP and a strong
Australian dollar so was still in a cell
mood for me okay and after a big
retracement I decided to enter at a
certain point because it was clear that
it should have complete a move short
okay so this is the first thing that I
noticed with my algo and the second one
I was noticing that from the Australian
dollar as strong currency of the week
the shift was going towards young
Japanese yen started to take courage and
strength in the market and this
determinate in my algorithm
visualization of higher and positive
values of Japanese yen against the
majority of the currency pair starting
from GBP that I was already in short
with Australian dollar so kind of week
and GBP Japanese yen were the first two
to appear with the Japanese yen very
strong and GBP very weak so I decided
okay let's see how the policy on behaves
towards the other consumers and by
seeing the values I noticed that the
majority of them were weak particularly
weak against the Japanese yen so I
decided also to enter an edge in trade
considering Japanese yen and let me show
you here so at the certain point after
investing in GBP will be very strong
because it was confirmed in that short
direction to herself then I closed of
course GBP Australian dollar because it
was too much then in a range of movement
and we were in the Friday so I didn't
want to leave my money in the market I
want to take them for them take them out
so I closed all the GBP Australian
dollar position leaving just a few of
and the most profitable that I would
have anyway close at the very last move
of the Friday that I would have intended
but with some profit already gained and
in my balance instead of being in my
equity and of course as you can see also
I took the major trader they were
important with Australian dollar in sell
against Japanese yen and I and this is
the same for CAD euro and GBP and US
dollar okay so these were the last
trades running in this hour you can
click the hours okay some of them were
fresh of the day some of them were from
the previous day so you can also see
there is a swap condition so it means
that I swing traded even in this case
and also they trade it okay so just to
make it brief you can have a comparison
after here we have a 28 total trades
then with some we doublet the trades but
we important upload the balance and of
course I always invite you to read all
these values that you already know very
well as I so because the most of you
that are contacting me are analyzing the
special of these values and the profit
factor here we have a perfect factor
there increase it of more than 50% from
22 to 59 and then what else I got
another statement screenshot that I made
a couple of hours later as you see here
I closed also the other GBP Australian
dollar position taking just one and I
don't know why it was this stop-loss
anyway but it was probably accidentally
but anyway it was very far from the Oh
probably I put this in the sense that I
would like to leave it open for the next
week but at the end I decided to close
everything so that stop-loss was the way
it was anyway in a break-even position
or with some profit but then I decided
of course to closes the position that
you can see that in the very last hours
of the market the only positions that
were meaning in
accordingly with my algorithm where the
positions against the Yanks strong yen
and we be all the other currencies and
this is again a new update with some
trades that were running so within
equity that were about 300% okay and a
profit factor of 81 reaching same
consecutive losses consecutive wins and
all the statistics is up to you to read
them and give your interpretation and at
the very end of the market then I closed
all the positions and of course my
Metatrader platform here so I'm sorry if
this is not the normally format or that
I produce my videos but I meant I am
with the laptop I am on vacation and so
I have some limitations but anyway a
little office is always with me then
what I would be back in my office I will
be even more operative and clean but
anyway as you as you may notice this is
the final balance that I reach it in in
this very account with profit loss of in
this case a profit only the profit of
twenty thousand euros and 208 and this
matches exactly the values that I have
in this very last screenshot of
statement that I made but everything is
closed or the same balance the same
profit and of course let's look at the
profit factor and the trade this is the
result of manual trading but as you can
guess when we have to manually trade we
have to mentally predict and outlook but
how can we do that based on figures
based on price action based on do
certain currency pairs that we think we
have to trade them because they are the
most liquid they're the most volatile
whatever we have to trade what in the
market moves in that day / days / is
week and we have to start trading after
reading the markets on the mound
then maybe Monday evening or afternoon
if is the case of the wise wait on the
Tuesday and then on the Friday we know
we have anyway already to have closed
and we have to expect that probably in
the middle of the week there will be
some shift in the majors currencies to
be strong a week so we had this ship
from Australian dollar to Japanese yen
but with some reverbs in the longer time
frame so weekly fold as regard to BP
Australian dollar and you can check
everything in your charts and your
Metatrader what I'm saying is just a
week that has passed in the third week
of August and so I wanted also you know
now that I am a bit relaxed with some
days of vacation still to have and of
course I will anyway ride me if you have
to find me no problem because I will
anyway read in the evening your emails
and I thank you for your support and for
your words a lot of you are having very
good words for me and I thank you very
much time I do appreciate your interest
and passion and I hoped was given
another opportunity to evaluate how my
algorithm can Han Hance positively the
vision of the market and directors only
to the very currency pairs that for that
day if we wanted a trading solution we
have to trade leaving all the rest to
another day another session or whatever
they will reveal the strength of the
week again weakest weakness against all
the other currency pairs this is the way
professional straight so we have to
align on them but we must have something
that reads the whole market not only one
chart and with my solution that is an in
market reading and an in chart reading
to combine it together the analysis can
be very sharp and detailed and of course
we have always to be careful of certain
actions of the market that occur a
specific moments or events or that can
be for us a signal to stay out of the
markets but at the same time we have any
way to have a vision always or at a
vision not to trade because they are all
balanced
at the moment none of them has revealed
strength or weak escape so I hope that
this brief integration of my previous
video that shows the whole week of an
account that then at the end we have to
close take the profit in our rear bank
account and make it as gain and then
realized only the 10,000 so that the
starting deposit this way we can gain
every week something more or less
depending on our ability to trade on our
exposure to risk and all this stuff it's
also true that this way trading without
stop losses manually will have an impact
on our broker that will know only our
opening trades but will know anything
about the take profit the stop loss so
their algorithms will not have this
information so they will they cannot run
against that and the more with this
situation we can also understand how to
properly hedge and what currency pairs
to H so I hope this gives a
comprehensive vision of the work that
can be done with this with this
integration and I thank you very much
for watching for watching and for
subscribing my channel and for all your
remains and comments and I invite you to
follow me also in the future I wish you
good time good space good location good
trades all the best that can come to you
and let's have a new contract probably
the moment I will be back in my office
in Amsterdam and I will then perform
maybe some other videos or some upgrades
of my software
okay so we should you again very good
and peaceful time I say also Bobby