everybody and welcome back after some
regenerating and illuminating days of
vacation just to make a brief tutorial
about my the application of the theories
that I am explained in my previous
videos in this case always related to
hedging I always use my algorithm for
evaluate the situation if it it's time
to trade or to wait or what currency
pairs to filter this week I will have
some some tough tax tasks to to do and
so I decided just to make a quick video
now because I have the time to do this
and hopefully if I have time I will do
even more but I will be very busy anyway
Eve those who are riding me or contact
me on skype there will be always time
for a brief chat as usual and but I will
have lots of business friends
so let's proceed what what I have
decided to trade at a certain point of
of the day and here we have the
situation ok as you may see I traded ok
you see you as usual you can always
check the time the date we are in a
swing trading situation you see we're
already the swabs were passed today and
I'm doing my usual simulation that at
this moment is for a bigger project so
I'm providing this data every week and
I'm making this always a simulation on
$10,000 account with a an ECM broker in
this K there is providing the data what
to say ok today was quite stage
naari it's Monday actually is the 29th
of August 2017 we've just passed the new
day and but I'm talkin so it's Tuesday
actually but I'm talking about the
analysis of the market that came out in
the late evening of Monday ok so some
hours ago and as you can see here we had
some information that then injected me
some orders buy and sell orders on this
currency pairs for a reason there was
not that much movement today I was
saying and the currency pairs were like
kind of too much floating without giving
a very strong signal in order to take
the trade so I decided to apply another
kind of way of hedging normally here I
receive a lot of questions here is not
hedging within one single currency pairs
that did this is for me a straddle the
hedging there I mean is crossing the
currency pairs ok whatever the technique
is actually there are two main
techniques for hedging in regards to the
kind of values that we are that we are
having in our analysis and there is
another one that I like to do but it's
very instinctive but it can come with
time and I'll show you what it's about
well actually there is a reason why I
choose these currency pairs so in the
day currency pairs were not moving too
much
they were both you know you know in a
bullish situation on an or in a bearish
situations
so what consists to filter in this case
so as you can see I I chose I am and
make the choice for euro New Zealand
dollar that I will open let me do this
way okay so we have your only zealand
dollar this one
then we have GBP story New Zealand
dollar Swiss franc okay which is this
one
and we have also need Zealand dollar yen
just as well okay so what I decided to
do anyway we are at the beginning of the
week and we have some values that we
have to start to detect and analyze
properly right otherwise we have to work
somehow to figure out what can be our
market analysis and to be honest ok here
I let's see let's put it this way
because I have a daily and you will see
in a minute another way to use that I
use my algorithm when I have to make
intraday analysis for then having the
confirmation of some assumptions that I
was doing ok so we may see here 3
different timeframes
no matter the chart because this is this
we we are reading these values which are
in market values ok so we are having 3 3
different time frames monthly weekly and
daily in the weekly we see that New
Zealand dollar let's put this
is negative let's drop the the most
negative of the situation and we see
that Japanese yen and Swiss franc are
quite strong as well as your own okay
these are the most important values in a
monthly view in the market analysis so I
will then as usual create this let's
hope that the video doesn't clips that
much because there is a lot of activity
at this moment so anyway we have
basically New Zealand dollar which is
the weakest and we had a strong Swiss
franc Japanese yen and euro okay I could
have said also that are anyway strong
card and US dollar but they are not that
relevant as you see in the values and if
we go in our weekly analysis we may see
that dollar is weak here but euro still
strong is so that's fine and also
Japanese yen is strong it's fine and
also Swiss franc is strong is fine
accordingly to this and New Zealand
dollar is still weak okay as a as a
minus here okay and it's the weakest we
have also the CAD here of course there
is developing but here we see that in a
monthly it's has a different story then
if we go back in in a and its negative
and how its negative here as well
but if we go also in a daily at this
point that in the daily we have also
another confirmation of weakness of New
Zealand dollar and relative more
strength that was positive some time ago
here but anyway it's more strong euro
and anyway for sure Japanese yen and for
sure Swiss franc
okay so all the said let's say that I
don't trust you run it along dollar
because of this negative retracement
here even if here is quite strong and I
could close this situation okay so let's
do a brief recap in our in our analysis
we decided that in a multi time frame
observation we had in market values in
market values for the month market
values for the week and in market values
for the day and all these values agree
with the same kind of meaning and
direction and presence in the market
that were estimated as the weakest the
weakest was New Zealand dollar and the
most strong
we're Japanese young Swiss franc and
somehow you roll in this case is not
proper hedging but it's anyway a
diversification with only you know three
currency pairs one two and three and
it's a diversification of our portfolio
of our assets taking the most relevant
currency pairs that are expressing in
more time frames we see here we have the
monthly timeframe expressed in minutes
here we have the weekly timeframe
expressing minute here we have so we can
take a look on this but despite also the
fact that we have values here that are
suggested in a monthly of course the end
it appears to be strong even in the
weekly and even in the daily so it would
be a good idea also to evaluate the yen
at this moment but as you saw from the
beginning of my video I could already
you know with only these positions only
these positions that are at the moment
created so with your New Zealand dollar
one block New Zealand dollar Swiss franc
on our block and New Zealand dollar
Japanese yen another block I could have
already made you know in some hours and
in a swing trading situation enough for
then stopping so this is another way to
let's say hedge somehow study and a
multi-time franc correlation situation
with an in market analysis this is a
brand new account created for this for
this a week for this week so we are
Monday and Tuesday Monday just passed
and I was the first hours of Tuesday and
we already seen that it started to work
properly by the analysis that started
from
the time frame here from a weekly and
from then a daily and I had a
confirmation that in both timeframes so
in the day in the week and in the month
these values of week being week and
being strong were somehow respected so
kind of frank confirmation whatever and
so now that's usually to our let's do
this in this case because i have open
this trades and i open three positions
pair as you can see so i will definitely
take one position pair at this moment so
just to have an idea of what we had
performed as well and then we can leave
all the others you know running and
let's make our account history so we see
just founded and created the assets so
now we want to have all history and we
want to save as detailed report detail
report and we create a new folder
[Music]
okay
so this is the way that it's likely to
proceed taking records and having you
know or under control so we can
understand our progress and that's it
so it's not normal trading or hedging
but it's a basic you know it's moral a
lateral thought you you you evaluate in
this case the information that are
provided anyway from different and
strongest and longest time frames
providing you anyway an overall trend
that some somehow should be respected
but it should be kept at least in the
three most important time frames which
are the day the week and the month
simultaneously otherwise is getting weak
okay
and it's getting with low probability
but when this happens and this was what
I decided to start to pray today was
because there were no relevant you know
information of movement of currency
pairs in the day itself so I decided to
make this kind of analysis and show you
that there is also this way to approach
and there are many ways because the
values that are reported in my expert
advisor are this simply the values that
we are getting from the charts getting
from the our broker and so there is no
opportunity to fake anything or whatever
is just to read properly these values
this which are anyway the real
representation of the market at this
moment considering multiple time frames
and this this kind of work can be done
by using three simple charts okay
and not because of the chart symbol but
because we can run different time frames
and then have our different projections
in different ways of course we can move
our staff if we want to have more
operative 'ti and this waist railing is
very simple in my opinion sometimes we
can make mistakes or somehow we can be
too much early in entering the order or
the positions but if the overall
situation is confirmed
anyway the results will come in brief
and as you so let's say that now I want
to just take one position for each and
you know I want to stop also this trades
leaving open only the best and taking
some profit
so this way at least you have a kind of
mini progression in some hours anyway
our is in some hours so let's see so we
have this first statement this phrase
and this straights running and then the
second one okay hope this is enough for
your understanding and your questions
that I got in this in this week of
anyway vocation and now it would be easy
as I told you but I will also be give
some time for you and I thank you for
watching and following me and I received
a lot of things that I had to reply but
it's also a pleasure so thank you very
much for your support I have a good time
and space into a life and have a good
trading day tomorrow and I hope that by
doing this you can see at least and
maybe try to attend some understanding
there is no suggestion to trade this is
my own way of trading but this is also
my theories that I explained so I have
somehow to support and make coherent so
this is what it is okay and this is the
tool I use and this is for you or your
own example and then you are you have to
be major and understand if your trading
you know because someone else is saying
something you cannot trade because you
must have a vision you don't you cannot
go and say oh it trailer that way so I
do the same you must have a vision you
must understand when you are entering if
you are too late if you have to wait if
you are in the same timeframe analysis
that someone else is so trading is very
personal and I am almost a hundred
percent from one of trading and this is
the way I do model trading okay bye and
good everything ok see you