hi everybody and welcome to this new
p√≠o tutorial webinar call it whatever
you want today I will present another
module that I am separately developing
along with the UFO project which has
sums likely variants but basically it's
based on the same core of formulation my
own formulation in regards to Forex many
were the questions that I received the
email regard the fact that then after
determining the strength and the
weakness and the overbought and oversold
conditions of each currency and then
from the currency and combining the
currencies we target the currency pairs
that we want to trade it's obvious that
the next step is to get into the chart
and somehow figure out how to position
ourselves what when it is the right
moment if to put some stop losses want
to take profit all this stuff
when we go into the charm we usually
have to have a vision of what is the
trend and that's why a module that I
built with the UFO has some involvements
in trying to in given a chart
interpretation so the graphical module I
have to say that how you to approach to
charts it's also reason of the
currencies that you are trading and the
way you are making hedging there are
some situations like I showed in my
previous videos that I strongly invite
you to to watch and now in a brief I
will also show something here of course
in the other videos you saw different
ways to head to the currencies together
in the currency pairs together creating
a portfolio with the balance equal to
zero or major at zero and these formulas
you can find them along the videos here
and there so I strongly suggest you
before making questions which are anyway
very welcome to have a look on a
previous videos where I do always
explain something different so there are
situations where you create portfolio in
a way that doesn't matter that much when
you enter the trade there's no total
high or low B that you will or might get
because you rely on the combination that
you put together off the more currencies
so that they start to balance themselves
quite immediately and you get always
unless los loros regard the Commission's
or the spread but then you start to go
in a situation around zero and then
positive so in this way doesn't matter
that much if you enter a top or a bottom
because you combine them together when
some some pairs move in a direction
other they will move in the opposite
this is the way of Reggie so you get a
balance there anyway goes towards
positive this is your goal okay so let's
go a little bit deep in Warren about to
showing you today
normally you were so in the very last
videos I was showing the UFO algorithm
with this computation okay on different
time frames that can be completely
neatly so now we are in an hour I'm
showing you a full screen now of the UFO
on which again some graphical elements
of the other version of UFO which is the
same of this only with different
features as I had to clean the graphics
leaving only a few modules just to help
the calculations to become more rich and
precise but we have to a get a
compromise also with the CPU that is in
the average we have and computational
capabilities related to metal
which is very effective
also by Microsoft Windows so it's it's a
compromise that I cannot go too much
further so I decided to sacrifice some
graphical modules but anyway I have the
sessions of the markets and some other
information so you know this very well
if you saw my previous videos in this
channel but today I will show you also a
module that I am developing is under
development since Mountain Health on
which I tried to make some little
insider of the UFO for a level of single
charts so just one symbol so only one
Basin code so it has to be applied than
228 currency pairs ok and like this our
goal because let's start very briefly
the very first statement it's a
statement on which I made a test the day
before that was starting well and I
could have closed in a better moment
with more positive profit but was
something that was occurring during the
night when the markets were handing so
very unstable and what I did I simply
decided to close in this case we'll see
a kind of behavior on which if you are
not very right by hedging
you get anyway situation on where your
start point and ending point so this is
another color experiment so basically
make this okay
so you had some losing positions some
win winner
positions and the result was equal to
zero right was equal to zero
you should have expected to have a major
of zero okay so this very first bunch of
trades that you may notice year in a
team account that I made for sample
proposes an explanation proposes had
this kind of behavior they something
that sometimes can happen is no it's a
situation that anyway we didn't lose
okay so at the end you just lost lost
some time maybe learning something
because you are always to learn for
something that you can call a mistake
which is not a mistake
it's just not complete understanding or
not enough data to determine so you are
more guessing than trying to calculate
okay so this is the initial situation of
the balance of this account okay which
of course you may notice is this one but
then what happened then I went to bed
and then the day after so today at this
hour 9:00 in the morning at the
beginning of the longer session let me
just clean effect I
[Music]
I got a situation that somehow if we
take a look on a daily basis that's just
recalculate okay on a daily basis we see
that cap is negative okay let's just
assume this that was in the morning with
some different values but anyway they
were that those values okay and now we
see if there's something that I have to
change because there is a negative
position which is incident over card
okay so card is negative and here we are
selling up here Scott negative okay okay
here we're buying card which is should
be wrong what with one of them is wrong
but we are selling New Zealand dollar
would think that New Zealand dollar is
weaker than that which is not a current
right now this morning they were
different is Dylan dollar was extremely
strength is 3 milli week sorry
weaker Dan card now the situation has
compensated okay so in this reading this
is the the trade the trading that I was
making not very right wrong but let's
start from here now New Zealand dollar
okay is still negative less than card so
card is the weakest but is still
negative New Zealand dollar would find
here against yen in sell New Zealand
dollar is negative and yen is positive
okay young is positive
then what what else we have with New
Zealand dollar New Zealand dollar is in
sell its negative and here is his self
as well because we are buying pound GBP
so GBP is by and GBP is still positive
here okay
distel positive here here we have GBP
palsy in buy so we buy gbto sell palsy
and all this negative and GBP is
positive so positive means strong and
oversold and vice-versa negative is weak
and over both then we have also again we
are buying and we are son Swiss franc
and Swiss franc is still negative okay
and then we are also buying yen selling
palsy which is oszi in sell and Japanese
yen in buy and not only by the fact that
I should have avoid to make this and
it's even dollar cad movement anyway
there were kind of other situations that
I read on the chart that is suggested
being also to attended three okay which
even if you may notice I took a while to
take it because I took it seven minutes
after this bunch of trades that were
injected at the same time one of the we
are okay
so if I woulda stopped and not me this
needs another cat there is a time to
diversify my portfolio for today I would
have probably get a hundred percent
positive on this bunch of trades okay so
with this clear in mind you can always
go back and watch it again the situation
what I decided and then of course I also
base it on this readings that were
anyway leading me on a multiple
timeframes and also these computations
okay so I didn't touch your own dollar
okay
only these currency pairs and if we make
just to have a snapshot of the account
history
yeah
okay we're having also this situation
now that I still have to close my trades
but before doing this I'm going to show
you what I was talking about so what I
was talking about making an indeed
reading of the trend of each and every
single pair so 28 currency pairs we have
here that we can trade and then we have
to select something days on the market
performance of the day this was what is
the next step what comes next
so let me just get rid of this I can
close it and let's also minimize this
wait
so what is this and of course below my
behind my face there's also usd/cad and
at the usd/cad but where I'm not trading
usd/cad actually so what you see here
and then I will show you a chart that I
would like to explain and you see the
calculation based on the on the formulas
of UFO this is a different this is a UFO
cross for now I'm calling it cross
analyzer but basically the the most
important thing that analyzes in
mathematical basic concept is the trend
or when there can be some turns and it's
always based on the same principle of
the UFO but the UFO has a vision of the
whole market and provides a currency
analysis here we are in a currency
against another currency so we are in
baseball situation and from what comes
out of the screening of the market for
the day so the balance is between the
different currencies then we have to
analyze the strong and the weak or at
least what they are in the relation that
is based to code so Euro against dollar
Europe against yen and so on okay
so let's take for example I was having
my crazier
okay so these are my trades
oh yeah take a yawn and cut the end I
have a cell situation okay actually what
I have in this algorithm it's just this
for now because it's under development
but basically it's a kind of splitting
of the things of the of the elements of
a currency pair just to be precise that
I will do anyway
mentally and the kind of equation that I
built for trying to represent that
process it's something that goes very
close to this and also helps me to think
less and be more somehow
calm in my decisions because I have also
saw certain things to evaluate in
mathematical terms rather than just an
intuition pen or a mathematical
intuition so kudiyan we are having a
cell situation but we see that this is
still negative but in this time frame in
sorry in this yeah in this moment this
is the situation at five minutes fifteen
thirty sixty two hundred and forty one
day one week and one month the overall
and the interpretation of the main
friend one time frame before so this is
five minutes ago this is fifteen minutes
ago this is thirty minutes ago sixty
four hours ago one day ago one week ago
one month ago okay so we are two because
then we have to cross them somehow and
this is the 10 minutes before 30 minutes
before and then we have sixty one hour
before sorry two hours before here's two
hours before here is one hour before
here is four hours with these eight
hours before this is two days before
this is two weeks before and this is two
months before so this can be a kind of
trying understanding of a reasonable
medium term okay
and in fact for example cut yen was
gaining more
some minutes ago and ours had still this
persistent negative situation that goes
any way towards a positive situation
because they are decreasing this is now
this is in the previews of overall and
this is in the previews and previews of
overall so this is the addition of all
this ones so this is now so is from up
minus 138 to minus 172 50-50 anyway is
going towards something okay so it seems
like retracing we can analyze GBP New
Zealand dollar
by here Jane
in the spy level this is the resolved
and the GBP New Zealand dollar now I see
it's going from negative positive now
still negative and I have to read this
values both horizontally and vertically
but it seems quite obvious that this is
the trend of the five minutes this is a
kind of trend or it's a trend at least
if we see all negatives and this is
probably a second lap this way it's all
describing what is in real time so tick
by tick okay so New Zealand dollar in
yen we have a cell condition and we
still sell but it's getting some
strength GBP Australian dollar I
and he's going negative so sweet Racine
and we see that we had to 2600 now we
have two thousand and two hundred or
something like that now we have both the
yen plus one
which is going in the sole direction and
here is a cell line and it's still
negative but getting strong and then we
have New Zealand dollar Canada which is
the bigger traces the big mistake
somehow okay anyway now I'm going to
close the trades okay and I will do an
account history
okay much better
[Music]
the only gas I want to to attend as an
extra to diversify my portfolio was
negative but was the less of them so was
a kind of ranging face okay that could
it be positive by the same value okay
the others are quite quite more
significant of a permanent reading of
the values that we
may consider also in a separate profile
of your Metatrader so that you can
switch between the profile where you
have the UFO and the other one water is
more a whole market analysis this way so
now I want to close the trade because
some events now are making the
chemistry's retracing somehow and the
goal is also to close the trades on a
reasonable time which is a reasonable
profit when you have it and restart
tomorrow reading the market performance
and decide when or what to trade I'm
saying this because a lot of times we
don't get the overall situation even if
we have instruments because there are
other hands other than algorithms hands
that are manipulating the market so
leaving the money into the market for a
long time unless you are very covered or
a different kind of policies can be a
negative condition because it's very
easy to be detected by positions that
are taking longer than 1 2 days and as
forex it's a zero-sum game with a little
bit of
plus or minus
it's always very easy to get we trace it
or to after investing one day and having
a profitable balance we have to wait two
days because there is a day of almost
without retracement unless we have a
plan of more long-term which is another
story so let's grab for example and now
I'm finishing but just to understand if
I can show you some values that can be
they should be anyway passed by the UFO
first okay so this is critical but then
from the UFO I can go to a graphical
chart or oral to another mathematical
chart
let's grab some usd/cad the one that was
taken out from my teacher here so use
the cab
you must the cat was very nice um almost
like this curve anyway this is the
market performance okay for the
currencies that I
that I decided to represent the markets
okay so we see progressive and keeping
in positions of strength situation of
this currency pair usd/cad and actually
we have in the timeframes here now is
getting some negative reading not five
minutes ago but yes ten minutes ago and
also we have the creaseman at this level
we have an increase meant on thirty
minutes we have an increase Minh on one
hour increasing and now it's probably
the start of the last four hours or
three I don't know so we are having a
value that now it has to reveal at four
hours and today we were oscillating
then getting a little bit of week in the
week chart and from the negative to in
two months before and the month before
positive and this time still this month
even more positive so that could have
been also a nice reading I took out of
trades other situations because in the
day before in the reading this chart was
not suggested or I decided to avoid to
trade euro so to trade dollar and euro
dollar even if I think you wrote was
something like 400 you can go back and
check at the beginning of the video so
good at being also could try to trade
long dollar against this case cat that
was anyway one of my choices okay so for
each trade for each currency pairs there
is a probability of trade that should be
somehow taken by this computations and
the results of them that must be read in
this way instead of having graphical
things and we can do all the graphics
that we want at the moment we see a
graphic which sometimes are very
important to to do they are always
subjective they're not objective they
are they must be interpreted accordingly
anyway to reading that it that is much
more clear
when is when is related to numbers
because numbers are unquestionable this
line can be here or questionably here so
and there's a lot of difference
yeah okay so finally anyway this was the
result with some lost ratings of course
which artist in any way with and in
result of the choice of the portfolio of
assets that I've been put together you
know hedging trade was this okay bit of
the beginning and then a reading when
the London session was open was opening
or just opened so anyway that around
that time okay so with this it's over
for now and thank you for being so
patient to arrive is so this Muslim
following my explanation and for those
who have answers anyway at least first
take a look at some videos before where
maybe you can find explanation on what
I'm saying
this situation is under testing now
again but it's quite easy testing
because it's always based on the same
computations of the UFO it tests the
core module of the UFO so results are
acquire and are like in that propagation
but the mathematical principles are the
same that you can find in some webinars
that I have explained the way I have an
interpretation of forex and with this
thank you all for watching for
subscribing and for supporting this
channel and as usual have a good time
and good space