hello everybody
as usual brief update for those who are
following my methodology and system and
theories applied also with my own
beloved expert advisor
Metatrader which is you with folk and as
usual I go straightly to the point and
of course I invite you to always compare
your data from your meta trader platform
and follow also the previous videos on
which I give more informations about how
I designed the behavior of my algorithm
that tried somehow to read the markets
and the different conditions and then
provides for one of traders availability
of reading the whole markets by breeding
very few charts and in a blink of an eye
actually you're seeing here I have a
trade running just the last one of a
quiet enough serious this week while I
was also testing some improvements on
the graphical module of this algorithm
therefore now as usual I will do
my last statement before before closing
the orders then we will have also a
brief recap okay this is it as for a
while so I made different trades this
week and also summer times and
forecasting based on some possible
evolution of the currencies some of them
they were not very well but in the
overall at performance as usual the
reading of the markets helped me to
focus on the most profitable currencies
which is the beginning of the week were
more euro against all Z and insulin
tolerant can but then in turn turn allow
other currencies to to be more likely to
be trade as in this case GBP needs even
lower as you may see this last currency
which is GBP currency pair which is GDP
and second dollar in body I've been
trading that with more lots and let's
just give a look to that chart just to
wake up on when I entered astray that
you can see there is a swap so in this
in this day's I was also implementing
this graphical module that you may see
here is
projecting at least three days of chart
analysis and anyway this swap condition
suggests that the trade has been taken
today before right in this area so and
sometimes it gives this part on okay so
let's grab it again sometimes because
it's taking data in real time let's see
if I do it this way
[Music]
seems I have a little problem with
internet connection and it doesn't allow
me to do that anyway no problem
this is nothing to do with that okay so
basically that was the projection that I
got in this point I don't know what it's
happening today are some issues probably
have to make the Windows updates first
and I didn't because I just got home and
as usual there will I contoured a
retrace of this currency
anyway the trade that I have injected
was let's do let's see that's again of
course it will around 8 o clock on the
chart as you may see here at the time
that I made this trade so at this price
level and there was this movement of the
GBP New Zealand dollar suggested by
let's let me show you in the Euro okay
as usual you know I analyzed nine
timeframes and despite the fact that
there is a negative position in the
monthly for the GBP and as well as a
negative position on the New Zealand
dollar this value was much lower in the
previous days so then he it went up to
a better level so it was a kind of
bumping up of the GDP and in fact in the
weekly chart we can see that GBP has
been positive and quite strong while New
Zealand dollar was the most negative and
even euro dollar was positive this or a
euro was positive in the weekly but in
the daily euro has not that much
strength and now even GBP is losing some
strength and I wanted to keep this
button way stronger than New Zealand
dollar that's why GBP by New Zealand
dollar so please see the previous videos
on where I explained and where I see the
threshold values I tried to make some
experiments also with Aussie GDP was it
up on his yen and other currencies that
were not a much successful but I was
also kind of trying to anticipate the
move that that didn't happen but I was
already positive balance without a trade
so was a kind of experiment even because
I was testing what I'm about to show you
a bit today in detail on the graphical
side of this expert advisor which is a
kind of feature that should help somehow
the mono traders to make some kind of
sculpting or anyway try to find a better
level or positioning in in in regards to
the trading action that we want to take
so let's even if there would be probably
some opportunities of retracing again I
would like to show you that for example
in the four hour time frame
the GDP New Zealand dollar now is
recovery computing making different
computations let me just put this way
and let's see if it works
there is some issues with internet
connection so sometimes it's a bit
slower today but it's fine let's check
anyway the euro dollar always four hours
so it's quite the same we see that gdb
is beam has become negative and New
Zealand dollar has become positive okay
and if we take a look here is the same
seed to be negative and these are not
all positive in the four hour time frame
okay so basically no matter the chart
the values that we see and that we can
appreciate here are the values of the
whole market of your time tick bites it
so because of this we have this
retracement so GBP negative an incident
or a positive is self okay
but since yesterday evening and for all
the day until the beginning of the
London session there was this positivity
case of the TPP and negativity of New
Zealand are over for by border injected
in the currency pair GDP New Zealand
dollar okay so let's close also this
position which can we avoid me 170 pips
and let's do a final save it details
before
okay the Swart
probably me too soon but it's fine
problem okay and then we will analyze
this in a while what I am working on at
this moment let's see in the case of the
GBP is completely you can see here we
have this lines that are related to a
main channel with a third price
calculator for each and every currency
pair that we are visualizing and that we
are applying our expert advisor and so
we can have kind of line of support
resistance for the very long period this
pilot once the medium period which is
more in detail the gray ones which seems
to be some kind aligned and there is a
third expression that now is almost in
the same lining is a bit going up you
can see here this magenta dark magenta
lines of support from resistors based on
a lower timeframe but always related to
the third price of a lower timeframe
this way we have a kind of channeling of
the price action that we can read no
matter the movement of the price by the
calculation of the highs and lows of
these things okay here I completely got
rid of some other lies that were anyway
noising and that can be represented
anyway by this yellow bar which is very
simple to be lying well here we have the
s priced and here we have the bid price
so basically with this bar we can see me
askin the beard without having too much
extra lines that are somehow messing
around with our eyes and with our
reading of the charts so this case is
quite you know this is the channeling of
the price embedded in the possible
projections of the lines that are
coherent with the movement of the price
and with the highs and the lows of the
price that we got in the day I'm
stressing here the fact that the only
possible indicator if we can call it
that way but it's not an indicator is
the volumes that normally I do represent
in this way but here I put it at this
kind of representation just because I am
analyzing the support resistance level
and the formulations that are encoding
at this moment so I'm still in testing
of this feature but it's almost finished
and also we can see this main channel
represented by this gray line that is
going out up and then correcting and
this is the actual
elevation of the pride that the price
had in this very Friday Friday today
markets are quite about close so we
should stop the trades and think about
getting some profit and leave the next
trades for next week without leaving too
much money to our brokers or into the
market okay
I've passed many videos explaining how
to read this chart and also in the very
previous ones also to have an idea on
how to use them properly with the
hedging strategy module and also I have
explained in the previous videos about
this in charts evaluation so in this
case we are on a GBP New Zealand dollar
and here we have some evaluations about
the base and the quote so bases GBP in
this case of both is New Zealand dollar
with some evaluations and the fact that
if the base is falling and the port is
ranging / rising we can have a expecting
a fall but we must be all swing must be
aware of the fact that at this moment in
this time we are about some hours before
closing the market so that can be a lot
of manipulations games or okay so let's
also give a brief analysis of what I did
and as you may see there are many trades
injected also some little projections or
mistakes that are cancelled but no
problem
in the very first trades developed went
afraid this was the result okay so with
some losing trades I'd rather not use
stop losses but I prefer to analyze the
charts and if this values are telling me
that there is something going wrong
against my predictions because I was too
much rushing or probably because life in
certain days I had no time to be there
at the proper moment so I tried to
anticipate move or to guess in move base
it on some values that were not anyway
completely developed so I was trying to
guess with values that were like 200 250
so not that much stronger or weaker I
prefer to close the trade and normally I
do attend this kind of extra guessing
based on probability only if I ever I am
already in a positive lock balance like
in this case or even if I lose a bit
it's not that much problem and I can
always recover that ok so this was the
first projection of the trade that I
made and as usual I invite you to take a
look and check on your meta trader
platform the values and the prices that
are listed here so you can stop the
video and take note and check on the
other side
ok this was the first one then let's go
further and after this brief movement
I got also this improvement of my
balance to almost 3000
okay on a base of 10,000 currency units
and thousand euros and with the leverage
of 500 in this case then I traded you
know the GBP did $7 and I basically left
only one position open that was floating
around this point probably this is quite
the same graphic now it's another one
okay so we have that they are quite
similar anyway this is the improvement
that I got of course I did over traded
this week but I was also in a testing
phase so it's fine and it's normal to
have some more tense and finally this is
the very last one so I realized 500 and
almost 500 5000 600 euros from an
account of 10000 euros okay so this kind
of simulations provided me anyway a very
nice person - of profitable trades
against the wrong ones that you can see
that was completely wrong okay
I'm also I also like to show that not
always I do a hundred percent of
positive trades but in this case is more
easy to make mistakes or make
evaluations that then the markets are
manipulating even because I was trading
based on assumptions that were related
to values that were not completely
stabilized as weak as strong but they
were going toward that direction
so sometimes we try also to do that way
the important thing is that well we make
mistakes they are very little and they
are anyway covered by already a profit
that we have and when we make profit
that profit and the game is very higher
compared to the losses okay so to recap
from an initial balance and just 1700
euros gain now we arrive to almost 5,600
okay and this is quite anyway a positive
balance that I'm happy to show and
resolve that is positive and everybody
would like to have something like that
by the end of the week coming back on
the module as you can see the
projections of the fair price that Here
I am see how the market it's behaving
fine to retracing and retracing and in
this case we have a five minutes chart
on which we have a very weak GDP and
anyway positive
New Zealand dollar and the base GBP is
fallen and the quote it's even dollar is
rising so if we have something above
that is falling and something that is
ranging rising okay we can guess a cell
of the currency pair but I'm not trading
anymore
even because I'm explaining to you this
video I made of course and I use this
demo for instructional purposes I have
my own real account separated from that
and my analysis anyway can be done
easily on every chart on a very easy and
broker on which all the currency pairs
are provided with honesty from the
broker and the fact is that I was also
coding but you may see now is getting a
different development and we can see
that despite the main the main support
and resistance which are these two lines
here of a surprise that there is this
one for an enough longer time period
timeframe sorry we have another
channeling which is the great one with
relative surprise and support resistance
and we are also having a smaller time
frame channel with surprise calculator
and this comeback can be very useful for
position in our cells in our trades
especially if used combined to one
indicator at maximum if I have to
suggest something at the suggest RSI but
I like to do that with the volumes with
the Bartok volume anyway tick volume not
because it's a volume but because
provides me a kind of idea of activity
of training okay
nothing more nothing less and I use the
line of clothes instead of the bars bar
chart because it reduces significantly
the noise in the reading and because it
at the end is more accurate and markets
rely on on the clothes of the price this
is quite important nevertheless it can
be used as you can see there is a kind
of sense with with the candlesticks and
with
volumes so a very simple setup with some
trend lines let's say your channel lines
that can help us to analyze the flux of
the price without much effort I think
that the goal also of implementing the
graphical module it's almost done
so for those who have already this ei
that would this will be a release that
they will get as soon as the phase of
testing is done and this of course even
if we change the timeframe this lines of
support resistance and channel
they won't change they will stay in
accordance with with what is computed at
least this main channel every half an
hour ok so it's a quite enough time for
considering considering
- tray even for scalping even if I don't
like scalping I have to admit also by
some humans I received that were asking
me about creating something in regards
to scalping that when we position
ourselves for our trade we do a kind of
scalping action ok so that would have
been the only thing that would have been
implemented in the algorithm because
this part is already completely
functional and free of error because
what you see here is a tick by tick
analysis and computation of all the data
that your broker provides you in regards
to the pieman open/close then put all
together from all the at least 28
currency pairs there is some more but we
can trade these currency pairs only and
that complicated tick by tick okay so
with this brief recap and with this very
nice final result I say hi to you I
thank you for watching and for your
emails of support and for your positive
words that I would receive and gives me
some motivation to provide even more
examples and tutorials and so thanks for
watching and supporting and for any need
you can always write a comment or write
me an email and let's keep it covered
that way or to skype for those of you
who like to have more
direct confrontation and I wish you a
very good weekend and as usual at the
time and with space ok bye