hi everybody welcome to this new update
and video about the forex trading
analysis that I would like to be short
it's Friday as usual it's almost time to
close the markets and try to close the
trades but this time I will do something
a bit different in order always to give
some answer general answers to the many
similar mails that I receive that you
new followers and Watchers are using for
stressing out some topics that I make
over or better explain and expand my
explanation so this time I will open a
platform on which there is no trade
running okay
the account it's zero everything is
clear so the males and the questions
just to make it clear the reason of this
this video tutorial
at least from my perspective is to
answer to the fact that some of you were
asking is it possible to use also this
kind of analysis in the short term for
shortened trades and to show kind of
methodology from the very first type so
also the way I do inject the order so
let's do this just to have some spots
right and I will go straight to the
point
so
I what you're watching exactly is a new
implementation on the already evolution
of the UFO it's an implemented panel on
which I have developed new formulas that
you may notice are about to consider the
currencies against euro and dollar which
are the two currencies in the foreign
exchange market which have them the
greatest liquidity and I will lock them
now to make some considerations and
inject immediately the orders and see
how things should develop they remind
that we are on the Friday as usual the
worst scenario to trade the last hours
of the markets there can be spikes or
whatever but we will try to make it
clear normally always consider the
higher time frames okay so the monthly
the daily at the weekend the day and
this is basically what I do at the
beginning of the day or in the middle of
the day but it's also true that
especially in the last hours of the day
we should expect a narrow time frame on
horizon on which we have to consider our
trades and we know that we can expect
also retracements of the last hour so as
you may notice here we have a situation
on which some currents are already
explained and if you have watched my
previous videos you already know how to
read them and see that the negative
value means basically going short and a
positive
means going long all not specific
currency then we have to match and
create our currency pairs okay but in
this case we are at the onion of the
markets and we will focus about the fact
that you will see for example that cat
is positive in the meter that the bigger
timeframes we see that cat is negative
in the shorter timeframes especially the
four hours did the hour and the half an
hour there is this kind of oscillation
in the four hours okay but we can see
similar situations for the swiss franc
which is short in the longer time frames
and it's long in the shorter time frames
it's a word playing situation but it's
as it is so with the power of my pen I
would say I will make a brief trade
right now okay even if of course again I
do not suggest unless you are expert and
unless you have a good risk attitude to
trade in these hours on the Friday
at the end of the markets anyway how to
proceed to hedge the trades properly so
the first step is to identify the
weakest the weakest and the strongest
currencies
so let's go straight forward and we see
that we have CAD negative so we put cat
now we do a full spectrum analysis okay
despite you run donor and for a reason
that I probably will explain in this
tutorial or in the next ones we have
Swiss franc as a strong currency we have
GBT as weak
maybe as if activity is negative
negative negative as well as as Ozzy and
New Zealand dollar okay and New Zealand
on the other hand yen is strong it's
positive
so we have this this market situation
okay
and among all of them of course
certainly card is the first candidate
also Ozzy and New Zealand dollar and
somehow GBP
okay even if less than goes in New
Zealand dollar the games the comparison
with can Ozzy and so we take also GBP
when we have this scenarios this is the
markets atop the next step is to compose
the pair's
so we have currencies here okay
okay so if we have week cat GBP O's in
it $7 and if we have strong Swiss franc
and Japanese yen unless the scenario now
is changing in the Alphin our situation
because it's almost reach at the point
where this panel will give new values
and we probably should wait at least the
next half an hour so five minutes but
it's just a moment that we can create
our analysis okay this is 4x
analysis
that must be done prior to interview or
today if you should do this on with a
pen and paper like the old times
okay so regarding the pairs and the and
the trades that will come out we can say
that we can sell
okay
Swiss franc
and cut yen correct
we can sell GBP Swiss franc and GBP yeah
we can sell Aussie Swiss franc and also
yen
and we can sell it on dollar Swiss franc
and New Zealand dollar yen
this is a specific hedge on which on one
hand we are selling these currencies and
we are buying these currencies right
respecting this set up situation in a
certain way we are replicating mirroring
the market through our trades and the
market performance this scenario is more
then a plus B plus C plus D this
why we're doing this because we're
putting together the currencies the weak
against the strong okay if I had to make
a selection of course my last choice
should be GBP because GBP is somehow not
that weak you see here okay but I would
like to wait at least a couple of
minutes so we see this panel change it's
the half an hour shift and then decide
to inject the trains but of course also
my algorithm in itself suggests that
cadion and New Zealand dollar yen are in
the correct set up so it's leading me
towards an analysis or a confirmation of
my analysis okay so this is for us
regard and the set up of course I'm not
considering urine dollar why because
they are considered from my perspective
a kind of meter a kind of yeah meter of
evaluation of all the other currencies
and where we find liquidity we don't
find volatility and vice versa and when
we trade especially in the short-term
trades we seek volatility because it's
volatility that makes our trades to
develop okay if I allowed you for a
while this scenario for example we'll
see that now we are hitting
as 2129 now it's 21 30 you know in a
certain few seconds okay so let's see
how this scenario is right again in the
30 minutes so we see that there is a
shift where audience alum dollar are
starting to become positive and despite
this situation we should wait at least 5
minutes more but let's say that the
values there I have read are confirmed
okay
we see now that there is a completely
different set up in the 30 minutes
compared to the power so yen is negative
so should be we this is how the markets
are oscillating half an hour after half
an hour New Zealand dollar an Aussie are
getting strong and I have selected that
week so it's very important to timing to
be on a situation where we see our
currencies which are developing
coherently in multiple time frames
anyway oszi is already getting negative
Candy's negative that's fine
so Karen Aussie are quite ok Yin is
retracing so let's do it
ok so I show you how to approach we have
this bunch of trades the next thing is
open them simultaneously so I will do
that catch this Frank
so yen so
GBP Swiss franc I wait for that because
GBP I'm not okay GBP now it's time
probably to that GBP Swiss franc so gbbn
so all the Swiss franc so all the yen so
New Zealand dollar yen so New Zealand
dollar Swiss franc so okay so we
injected this trades which are one two
three four five six seven eight
okay so we are like hedging a double
formula okay and we also do this simple
thing with say statement that reports
this initial situation on which of
course I am in a negative balance
because I'm paying the price of
injecting my orders that's normal
what I did in terms of concept of
trading basically I didn't put on a stop
loss as you saw rather than using stop
loss as a safe asset to
lower my risk or somehow limit the loss
I decided to distribute the risk of the
fluctuation of the currencies proceeding
with a methodology that puts me on one
side and in the proper side the weakest
ones and the strongest ones so if the
currency is strong of course I do expect
that it's going to rise and infocar I
see is weak I expect is going to sell
and if I put together weak against
strong I can expect that that the spread
that the movement can have more
probability to result equal or major to
zero which is the goal of this balance
what I and now have now now have created
trading simultaneously so as you saw at
the same moment I created this
alpha entity let's call it this way
which is basically my portfolio
okay and my portfolio is something that
should somehow reflect if is correct the
market performance and if it's well
reentered on a graphical representation
okay should start
negative
should develop this way but should go
positive
why because I put the minus on the right
side and the plus simply a simple math
okay simple concept math that I am
applying to my formula
okay of course now we have to wait and
be patient while I hope it will not take
that much longer that much long - to
visualize some results but this is who
are basically I do every time sometimes
there is a market condition a market
performance when my portfolio is based
only on two pairs or four
sometimes three but generically in order
to probe equally distribute trade I use
this kind of symbolism okay where the
equilibrium can be granted by having
this fact was conditioned so as we
notice we are having our balance that
it's floating and I didn't do that much
care of even if I should've and I would
have done that having more time and
having more accuracy but what is sure is
that among twenty eight pairs
that I could trade and make some
assumptions and some analysis not only
28 but 28 for all the time frames that
we know so it's kind of lots of work
reading this scenario that I am not
liking that much at this moment because
I see yen is getting negative and that's
why there is a kind of retracement but
let's give it some time to develop
already and still in the strongest in
the longer time frames we are having a
positive signal and respect of this of
this situation I just got one two three
four five six seven eight pairs
that I decided to trade and I made it in
less than one minute to create my
portfolio okay
less than one minute and for the
analysis it took me about five minutes I
could have done that even without
writing or writing on a paper but this
way you can see what is the result and
of course after bear in mind that
because I have evaluated the 30 minutes
the hour and four hours chart which is
already passed at least a couple of
hours my trades should be Thailand
can you type them that much longer
unless in the next half an hour
these values are somehow confirmed okay
and we can start notice for example that
GBP is is getting some Strang and as I
told you GBP would have been my last
choice okay so the and also again as you
can see is somehow a little bit
retracing so it's a matter of fact that
when I go for a shorter timeframe I have
to contextualize my trade to the
timeframe that I am observing the longer
the timeframe
the longer the trade okay actually with
the -23 on Japanese yen it has to
retrace it this way all the trades that
are related to yen you may notice are
somehow more negative than the trades
related to Swiss franc unless the
currency pairs that are related to yang
are currency pairs that are losing but
what I do see now is that Swiss franc is
getting negative so against the
situation and at the beginning was
positive like here and we are in the
second half of the hour okay so when
this occurs and maybe these values are
also confirmed in the how early time
frame let's say that CAD is getting
positive that Swiss franc is getting
negative that GBP
is getting positive which is already
holes in each cylinder are getting
positive and Yin is getting negative
also in the how early time frame in that
case it would be my stop-loss okay but
what if these values and the way that
they are settled up here are reconfirmed
in the Alpha Knauer
well maybe I can I can say well there's
a chance there's more high probability
for my trade to to be successful what
else to say
yeah of course also I didn't do part of
the chart analysis of all this eight
pairs I just entered and simultaneously
so I would probably decide to wait for a
better point of retracement or things
like that but this is not the purpose of
this video propose of this video is just
to make clear that it's also possible to
make short-term trades and accordingly
to the readings of the market and market
performance okay and as usual having
some negative balance at the beginning
because of the spread because of the
the markets themselves that receive
inputs second-by-second not a second by
not a second
tick by tick call it whatever you want
and they adapt with their algorithmic
setup so that can be sometimes hard to
achieve a very positive resolved in very
few moments at this moment he seems that
something is moving even if I every
tradesmen between 100 minus 100 and
minus 200 which is my basic first limit
okay
let's do also this way to read stuff
this would be around minus 200 my
effective stop-loss which regards the
whole portfolio okay because the whole
portfolio has been valued by the trace
that I have injected has costed me this
so let's say that you know within a
trade like this and I want to make it
short a first target can be
last 200
okay
but what if I then I am waiting and I am
reporting here for practical
visualization that cat has to be
negative Swiss franc has to be positive
Japanese GBP sari has to be negative
cause yes to be negative New Zealand
dollar has to be negative and yen has to
be positive as well here we have we have
to be we must have this this context
negative negative negative and positive
and hopefully also in the 4 hours time
frame we must have negative positive
negative negative negative and positive
okay if these values will be respected
in the next minute half an hour's hours
there is much more probability that I
hit this zone or even go further
remembering that I'm trading against the
market situation which is exactly the
opposite now that it's reflected at
least for some time for some values in
the daily timeframe okay only Aussie is
respecting a negative attitude on equals
okay
but anyway we are heated with at least
at this moment the plus 100
which is
major
okay
so let's give it some minutes more
that's also
okay
so from our point of view even if I have
some currency pairs that are not
behaving very well like GBP and I was
stressing GBP somehow is it's not
respecting the initial values of the
first half hour and I'm having two
negative position look at this
with GBP I'm also having other
currencies that are hedging enough and
are distributing the risk okay and now i
hitted the 200 threshold okay so ideally
if I would like to do this let me just
wait a second
well now is havin another betrays my
spoiler I should wait I could have
stopped because now we are 50 minutes
let me just show you this taking 10
minutes to go to the next to the next
half an hour okay
because I want to make the video that
much longer
I hope the concept is clear and now
we'll do another safety tape report okay
let's crack this down so by hedging in
20 minutes
sorry yeah it's about 20 to 25 minutes
of course I created wallet-sized and if
I suggest you to see previous videos on
which I explain sizing and how to
distribute the size but this is just for
example proposals to show the
proactivity and the fact that we want to
create a positive and if you see what I
pictured here this is exactly the same
curve
it's mathematical it's math okay let's
express this way and the results in very
few moments is that I gained this profit
having just one negative resolved one
loss trade which is to be peaceful
strength and this trades which are all
in positive so seven against one of
course I always suggest you to take a
look at your charts in your meta trader
verify price values I'm not making any
kind of back testing or simulation using
fake values this is what actually is
occurring in real time on the 23rd of
March 2018 and in a Friday ok so I gave
you all the coordinates that temporal
coordinates that you can also see assume
here so there's nothing to to to hide or
to faith is not my business for example
now we should see we should wait around
22 the new half an hour if we want to
trade in very short timeframe but this
methodology that I have applied for the
half an hour hour and four hours that of
course is still representing me a
situation on which I will use another
color
at this moment was seated cab is still a
good candidate let's fight it here
cab is still a good candidate Swiss
franc is still candidate as going longer
okay Japanese yen is still a good
candidate GBP I'm not very happy with
that but Oh seeing yen ozn in Zealand
dollar yes of course they are so if I
would have been more conservative and
less having less risk approach to put
that much this are the two factors these
two instead of trading eight pairs I
would have trade six pairs okay
which would have gave me less exposure
to my balance and would have provided me
only such successful trades in a matter
of 20 minutes
okay so I hope that this clarifies and
provides a lot of answers so my email
box can lower down a bit in size and I
can focus more on other things and I
wanted to do this explanation of course
at the end of the markets because I'm
also tired than the end of the week but
I find also relaxing too I made my
trades and I can have a moment to relax
also to recap the situation to observe
the markets in the word moment and
somehow provide also some explanation
and reply massively to a lot of answers
to a lot of questions that I that I
receive via Skype or via email and with
all the same with this hopefully
brief or simple explanation I hope that
it's clear first of all that you can
always reply on your with a pen and a
paper that has to be done that way and
that you also wish you also to have this
kind of results and I remind you that
you can do the same approach for larger
timeframes taking your trades even more
than 20 minutes and of course because of
this the pips gain should be
proportionally more than the pips that
we did in this trade example okay so as
usual thanks for watching thanks for
subscribing and for supporting the
project to all of you and I wish you
good weekend good time and space