good day to everybody I'm doing this
brief video tutorial integration of my
algorithm I made in this today's some
little adjustments to even improve
better the interface of reading and
injecting the hedging order and in fact
I'm going to show you in a moment what
was the outlook for today or at least at
the first hours of this morning already
detected before going to sleep some
hours and then wake up have an
understanding of the situation and then
projecting the rest of the orders if it
was the case or closing the orders if
they were wrong so first of all today we
are in the market it's Wednesday the
16th so if you're watching also this
video you can check in real time what
it's going on actually have dispositions
and I decided to put you know only one
pair and make an hedging and I will show
in a minute the workflow with in this
case manual trading I received a lot of
the lot of emails and I'm happy very
happy about the fact that majority of
you would like to learn and understand
what is going on so that you can control
your trades but this requires some
understandings some ability to read the
markets and the charts and it's not very
easy not even for me in fact I created
my tools my algorithmic to
but that there is a possibility to fail
less than the majority and to succeed
more than the minority sometimes life
and life is clear anyway so today were
more into the you fall in the version
that it's for the manual trading okay as
you may notice I I have here a list of
trades and in the very first morning and
3:30 - I put two trades that were
suggested by the algorithm with
Australian dollar strong in a long
position and New Zealand dollar and cut
himself then I woke up early this
morning and I still saw that on a daily
timeframe
the Australian dollar now is still
strong against the yen but it was even
before against the yen against the GDP
against the Swiss franc and therefore he
only thought that I could had the first
you know this moment was okay all this
strong so let's trade all day today at
least this morning because we must see
then what the markets are developing for
each and every currency pair we choose
so for example if we go in the Aussie
CAD and he can brown them because I
don't know at the moment just open the
chart and excited to make this
integration for you to understand the
workflow on a total manual setup which
is not at least very difficult to
understand this more difficult may be to
be there at the right moment to catch
the move and at this moment for example
is retracing
God anyway I can switch my order and
close my position at least if I have a
decent signal in a daily timeframe week
but the currency that it's meant to be
long is not Australian dollar anymore
okay
otherwise I keep the order and I keep
dispositions which are hated because of
this better created I created another
super team that gives even more
possibility to make coherent decisions
in a very short time and very fast so
just to have a brief recap on the
trading analysis something that it's
necessary to do every time we open our
charts all dirty charts because at this
moment with only one chart I can analyze
all the markets here and then I need I
want maybe to have an understanding of
the single chart so i position myself in
the chart and then I have indeed
detailed both information on the chart
and informations on the possible hedging
strategy that I can use see here that
Australian dollar and is the strong but
against yen against GBP changes okay but
the important thing is for me now that
Australian dollar keeps is strength okay
and it can vary at this moment I don't
know reminders all are behaving but
anyway I'm copying disorders also on my
real account and here is for proposes
demonstration only I created as usual
even for testing my algorithm with this
new super King that is integrating and
it will be the future update the moment
is completing the testing and I want to
test it as well so we have a clear
information of what is going on
so now that I'm safe and I can make you
know brief a brief interruption and
create a video so in real time what is
going on and let's try to make
of it okay so I was saying at the
beginning of the day or in the middle
when you start trading you should
analyze all the currency pairs okay all
their information and see here we have
also lenders Swiss franc with this kind
of also representation from the
algorithm that is quite matching the
situation I guess you can see by
yourself this is one minute chart if you
go in the daily chart of course these
values are recalculated tick by tick in
average chart frame so you'll be
timeframe of the charge so then you can
have nice informations in every time
frame but the little the time frame the
the more changes can be in the buying
and selling of the currency pairs of
course when currency pairs are aligned
in different time frames in that case is
more profitable to have an edge okay so
what I did what did I do to achieve this
result okay
so right my pencil
as you may notice at this moment we have
a very strong value of Australian dollar
which goes above any other value the
situation this morning was similar but
with values that were more lower okay
now they are both increased but both
Australian dollar and the other currency
pairs some of them they are negative so
weak by definition of the sign okay
euro dollar was different this morning
was the opposite and I decided not to
trade euro dollar okay not to risk too
much of my margin and to have a decent
you know ratio in my trading since the
beginning of the day this value and this
value
they they had no changed at all the the
persistence signal was this so I have a
first important element what to buy rest
is about the cell but what the cell the
currency pairs now cut as we trace it a
lot and in fact all the cut is not you
know you see here it has retreated but
card was negative see strength is still
negative good GBP negative New Zealand
dollar positive but not that much and it
was negative and look given here we have
a people tradesmen that can be also
beginning of a new phase but at this
moment we keep the order as it is then
Japanese yen was negative okay and use
dollar was negative not you wrong and
anyway as you can see I traded cozy
dollar and I have anyway a little profit
on that okay so the suggestion was to
pray against Australian dollar in as a
strong currency of the day you know in
Freeland CAD Swiss franc
GDP
sorry are for this to be off okay
it's not over already saved young
and what else us
okay so Australian dollar against
whispers and bye so this place were so
so so so so
and so is not that difficult to it's all
written here you have only to rewrite
the formula for today and of course all
Australian dollar US dollar will be long
Australian dollar and zealand dollar
will be long Australian dollar card will
be long astronauto Swiss franc will be
long Australian dollar job the GE GB
notice GBP Australian dollar in these
games we have to go short and Australian
dollar Japanese yen we go long this is
what you want to achieve okay with this
LMS of our last class class in this case
in our assets okay so I hope that this
matches with the theory and you see the
same behavior okay saying same approach
ok then how do i regulate my trades I
try to keep you know my margin that
doesn't go below the minus 2/3 percent
otherwise I close the trade or and I do
always give a check if there are big
changes in this main values and then I
monitored this panel that's it okay
and likewise now I could also say okay
it's enough for today I want to enjoy
the rest of my day
I already made a significant profit and
it's better to go out of the markets I
don't know it's still persistent this
okay so
I applied this algorithm that now we are
seeing in a daily timeframe and of
course we don't see now that much about
this information but if we go on a 50
minute for example we may appreciate the
details and also the announcements that
I was telling you at the beginning of
this video that I was performing both in
this panel and also in the graphical to
give more sense of what is going on and
happening okay so now in few hours so
this is another demonstration or a lot
of videos where they show you and it
make the analysis when they are here and
they see all this path and say okay here
is going here so it's going to go up yes
because you see that man but showing
things in real time in a very few hours
related into the moment so that you can
check it by yourself in a second and
with these results now let's say that I
decided to reach a 15 15 percent okay of
this move and of course it may be
replayed but I'm trying to get at least
this amount and close my trait okay I
want to have a 15 percent so I want to
make also brief this this and a googol
further but I have my own phrase then to
follow so okay so I close my crates and
then what
go to the account history we go to all
history we create a detailed report that
we save for this first day so I can just
create also the folder okay okay so this
date line 0 1 so we have at least but
also a track that can be provided if you
need it
so
this is the account that we are trading
let me just hide okay these are the
operations that have been processed
today very clean with some new testing
around 3:00 and of course I also got
some plays that were proficient in every
direction so I decided that to make that
final trade with 742 742 this is the
result so up to now if we close and we
catch the way this way every day
sometimes more sometimes less it depends
on the markets this morning Ozzy was
determinant but very slow and was
fighting with all the other currency
pairs
I saw the seizure only in the currency
person that than at the end that were a
bit retracing but there was this kind of
progression and every report that you
see as a correspondence with the reality
of the day if now so if these are the
results please take note please go back
either in order to explain this is more
tangible the fact that I made this
analysis in about 10 minutes
even less it's just that I maybe you
know I want I do wanna lie I do analyze
on the charts this way and I like to
write down some notes so then I can
interpret or very easy but I can also do
it on a pen and paper and then I take
traffic
or on my excel file and I copy that
later I don't use Excel files you know
to note down what I'm about to do I'm
more focus on reaction and pen and paper
over the plan is more easy and more
visual as well and also can always be
recalled to understand the strategy that
you wanted to adopt in this case by
hedging the Australian dollar we can
also try for example now we're still
having in a C on okay here things have
put in this direction euro and
Australian dollar artisans also I can
attend but now they are a bit moving
anyway so let's try this let's good euro
Australian dollar in sell and because
it's it here and Australian dollar Swiss
franc in solo is just you know make a
little real in life time experiment then
we are having okay Swiss franc GBP let's
let's check the GBP euro GBP and you
achieve no sorry
Australian dollar of GDP where are you
when I don't find it to be a signal okay
yeah GBP Australian dollar GBP
Australian dollar based on quote
arranging and it's kind of retracing so
I have to wait a bit Australian dollar
against you hope it's fine because it's
huge
and again Swiss franc so at the moment I
am about to thing to leave this ones let
me check Australian dollar and Japanese
yen anyway because Australian dollar and
Japanese
it's more likely that if Japanese yen is
falling Australian dollar Japanese yen
you go yeah
what is falling so I can also put
Australian dollar Japanese yen so at
this moment I'm just trading these three
currencies and I think I also made a
little mistake because Australian dollar
Swiss franc is not in Seoul by the party
but it's in by I always close on this
day anyway so recapping what did I do
now I use a different color green okay
so I okay lets me let me also put the
chart in a daily okay so I open the
charts now and after some minutes I see
the values which are telling me and of
course it would take the time for the
market to so I need to have a bit of
space this is why I'm not putting
immediately stop gloss or acting on that
and just trading with the convention or
with the belief that something is more
likely to be in that direction with more
probability okay
so again I see that Australian dollar is
in by in both the titles okay
and here is suggested now with Swiss
franc and euro so I decide that
Australia very strong same principle now
I have euro a that I am associating
going short because the world is bass
and Australian dollar squad and whereas
Australian dollar Swiss franc Australian
dollar Japanese yen okay
this recurrence occurs only now at this
moment we have to see if GBP or US
dollar maybe was dollar may fall I don't
know at this moment I'm just reading
this and I am accepting a risk that in
this case I should have prayed like
using a 0.3
for example 0.3 and 0.3 and wait in a
bit you know because let's suppose that
I am opening the charts at this moment I
have to make all also the analysis
taking the charts understand when is the
time to forget this moment I'm just
hedging and trying to get the most
profit goal there so from 30 charts and
more I have selected only this 3
combination 1 2 3
and that said now I have to let them
work it can be that price can we trace
of one figures is normal I can I must
leave some movement because I'm entering
the markets when some values are being
pretty revealed okay already so I need
to give the time in the meantime we can
give a bit of analysis in the charts
let's for example pick up the Australian
dollar Swiss franc
okay which is which is saying in a 50
minute time frame it's given me
completely different values of course
important is that Australian dollar is
getting this is strong and strength is
weak and anyway I have to wait about
three minutes every time I switch from a
chart to another chart so that these
values as well are properly properly
updated and I can have a better reading
of this value student okay so if I have
to read this chart in a daily I still
add Australian dollar in by Swiss franc
and Euro himself and I also added as a
another currency pair just to make a
little test Japanese yen if we go in the
4-hour chart we see that the structures
of the three days and some graphics are
starting to get out of the day opening
so we are having the day here the two
sessions the Arjun session concluded and
give a lap in with the beginning of the
European session and these are the days
before and even in four hours timeframe
Australian dollar is in by with GBP and
euro this time is to between in the four
hour they probably I would have chosen
but anyway I stay straight to this
methodology with just three pairs so
let's see now that I ever have exit
already profitable trades that I could
have left you know running more and more
now I am attempting to see ok conditions
are not varied at this moment so I stay
straight toward the algorithm is
suggesting and acting like ok I I trust
you I saw what you want but make me do
some profit ok so let's go to one hour
timeframe
we see even more development of the the
graphical aids for the trading and we
can understand how the markets behave in
the audience session and now they are
starting to behave in the European
session towards the u.s. session and
even in this timeframe in an hour time
frame we have Australian dollar which is
strong again against Swiss franc and
euro himself so we have three time
frames that are saying us that these
currency pairs are most likely to behave
with a good direction and in fact
somehow at this moment we have reduce it
by half our exposure in negative okay in
matter of minutes we could also make
other assumptions whatever but markets
has already started we had already this
is at an hour charge so we had another
we have already had a big move so there
is space for possible retracement so we
don't we don't have to risk too much at
this moment because that may you know a
better trade in this error like I did
and like the this
this graphic shows so that's why I
closed the place so you can see in 12
operations two short positions ten long
positions 100% and no magic the flow
down space consecutive wings consecutive
losses and down for the day don't need
to trade in the afternoon maybe ie I
trade in the afternoons there is good
work but I also awkward to do because
there are some requests that I have to
and I want to make some vocation as well
so if you don't mind so I hope to have
given you another example of what we can
do by reading the market this way I
thank you for watching for subscribing
my channel for writing emails comments
suggestions for referring my algorithms
some of you thank you very much it's a
good achievement for me and let's keep
in touch those of you that want to
contacting me some of you that are
asking how can I contact you whatever
there is an email in the description of
this video also in my about page in this
channel so you can use that for
contacting me via email or on skype
which is better because I receive also a
lot of emails that are leading to
nothing and not even that with the need
of explanation and others that are even
more interesting people so I give
priority to them of course thanks for
watching again have a good time
have a good space enjoy the day and
a profit profitable trades of course
this is indeed I think that I feel and I
wish you with all the best bye