hi everybody and welcome to another
persecution of the results of the
testing of the evolution of the
algorithm UFO this video it's occurring
two days after my previous one so I
strongly suggest you to take a look also
produce videos so that can be a kind of
continuation and let's go directly to
see how things are developing in at this
moment
well just to remind you what was before
and also you can go and check by
yourself and make your all your
comparisons with your Metatrader
platform I was making some trades today
is the 7th of February 2018 and I was
making some trades on Gd Japanese yen
going short and I was reaching more or
less this this level then by reading by
the reading of the values of the UFO and
different timeframes
I was supposing a kind of situation for
the day after of some kind of ranging
and retracing and in fact that
it was the thing that happened that day
as you can see maybe it could have left
a bit more and reached this level or
even now but there was this kind of
situation then of ranging phase after
the decay and then retracing to this
very limit and in this situation the
values that were displayed in different
time frames were somehow contradicting
in the sense that even now we are
observing that if here Japanese yen is
in by on the majority of on the major
time frames we are also serving that
they are going also in in a sound
direction on the 15 minutes 30 minutes
not one hour but anyway it's a kind of
oscillation another kind of fluctuation
so it could be a good moment also to
take off my trailer was even realizing a
bit more but I took myself a bit late on
putting myself on the charts ok so what
basically what happened this morning I
was having the values of GBP Japanese
yen and also other currencies like Ozzy
and CAD anyway as we trace it and in
fact is the most little results here
that they were aligned combining
Japanese yen which was the the leading
currency let's say this way whereas
regard strong and
so that was leading me to make the
decision this very morning of the
seventh - to take this positions I took
a couple of them and let's do first
thing so that we can make a conjunction
with what we see in the previous video
let's make an account statement okay so
this is the statement now and the fact
we have this previous balance if you go
on a previous video you will see that
exactly it's the same statement please
take a look at this and verify that all
the values are corresponding and that
was the final situation on the end of
Monday then Tuesday I didn't trade
because of this values that were
unbalancing on a different time frames
and then today this morning I decided to
inject these trades in the very morning
okay - for each of these currency pairs
in going short actually these are open
trades okay and let's do a first first
we've done by symbol so that would make
easy that so grab one of them each so we
get some initial profit anyway so let's
put this also in points so not that very
much but anyway a positive result in
terms of pips and let's make another
detail statement as usual I consider my
an ally at my analysis daily analysis
okay and depending on when here it is
now we have increased even more and also
we have another ten hundred realized so
the the equity is sixteen sixteen
thousand and six hundred depending on
when my trades are taken then I can
consider to take them more days but
let's say that if I would have been in
this Hauer
I could have had a bit a better a better
positioning for getting even more pips
but at this hour I was sleeping so it's
like not always you can be available in
the chart and you know so it can be also
a thing that can somehow affect the
moment so you except maybe a little bit
of volatility or retracing same
situation was for the caddy and also
Trey said even if I took the trades
about in this area retrace it more times
but was like a kind of resistance
resistance area of course probably while
I was leaping the signal of all the
currency pairs aligned already with yen
from an oversold so goodbye with a being
revealed already around this area
so that could have been a better
positioning area so it happens sometimes
did that that was in the middle of the
other session and same thing for
the aussie yen even here would have been
a better area so basically the the
formulas that I was capable to extend to
all the timeframes
God gave me more a better information
for us regard the possibility of
continuation of a trade or you've
decided to take in a trade or not one
side effect of this implementation that
I had to discover that's why I was
struggling some days ago is that the the
great amount of formulas that are in
this algorithm pushed me to earth the
direction of reducing the amount of
formulas that are in the graphical model
for a simple reason that otherwise the
users of CPU from the computer that has
to make tick by tick calculations in
real time would have been too much and
therefore the performance of of my
algorithm would have been critical so
what I decided to do is to eliminate for
this evolution of the algorithm in fact
you don't see let's take the euro/usd
just to give you an idea if you see
other videos where i present only the
original version of UFO there are a lot
of lines of support resistance that are
all injected by
extra calculations as I had this idea of
putting these two new sets of formulas
that were reading the original values
that are still the same in order to help
me to I have them have a more precise
determination of the currencies forces
me to reduce to a minimum
elements of information for s regard the
graphical side giving only the 5% of the
elements that was a compromise that was
necessary in order to make possible to
have formulations that were anyway
running smoothly flawless and having
anyway not problems on display in
calculations on multiple time frames
simultaneously because for each time
frame there is its own calculation on 28
currency pairs and these results are the
results of all the formulations so it's
quite an amount of stress for the CPU
for the computer so that was a
compromise that I had to do to make so
let's finally see actually there are
still GBP Japanese yen himself in the
monthly in the weekly New Zealand dollar
yen in this case now New Zealand dollar
is getting the weakest and hover boat of
the situation as well as also
reverberant in this
in the slower time frames and we can
start to see that GDP is retracing
somehow is getting some retracement and
also Japanese yen from time to time is
getting negative so we have to be
careful and also it's almost the end of
the the the American session so probably
there will be even more movement but as
far as regard this result is an extra
result made just in some days and as
usual you can take note of what is going
on here and of all the currencies that I
have traded at the time and the price so
you can always check now we have 23
trades and only three trades remaining
open ok so giving us that was 995 and
now is more so basically in Italy I was
starting to calculate only on a weekly
and daily timeframe and then I adjusted
the formulas I made some tests that of
course I can all always conduct
exclusively in real time it cannot be
bad testing for this because there is no
featuring Metatrader that allows us to
back test 28 currency personal Tansley
in each and every time frame it's
impossible for meta trader to do that
and I think also it's not very possible
for the majority of the trading
platforms but so that's why there is the
the need of taking some time for making
extra tests while the markets are
running but the results that I'm having
both in this demo account for
explanation and on my personal
application on my live account are quite
promising and somehow it's like reading
the UFO but by not making extra effort
but making even less effort in
determining the weakest and the strong
and also overbought and oversold
conditions which are also situations
that we will like always to evaluate and
not in terms of currency pairs process
but in terms of currencies and that's it
so with an overall inside and overview
of the elements that are creating the
cross the pair's okay so with this
continuation now I will close this trade
and realize the final detail report for
today
and
this is what we got with 26 trades
okay we got some negative positions
which are here and positive positions in
the overall portfolio that has been
generated by trading multiple assets and
distributing the risk this is the final
result I think it's enough for this
extra update for your evaluation and I
just let let you see what are the actual
values for today so that you can help
somehow at least an insight for your
personal evaluation and analysis of the
markets I invite you to watch also not
only this previewed the immediately
before video where I was where is
basically this is the continuation of
that but I also suggest you to have a
look to the webinars that I've made
because a lot of emails that I received
which are asking me about the theory and
principles that I am applying then with
this algorithm of course the algorithm
is to simply to make a simplification in
terms of effort and but things can also
be done by the analysis of the 28 charts
this is my personal solution to analyze
everything simultaneously so
tanja sleep in a very few minutes and
have an idea if it's a moment to trade
if something that can be injected or not
or if it's better to wait but as I was
saying there are some videos on this
channel that are more talking about
theory and hedging and the way I see the
markets which are webinars for the
majority and I strongly suggest you also
to take a look at that because some of
you were sending me emails with requests
of information that I'm sure you can
really fine them and the videos are a
bit longer but it's important to cover a
topic with as much as possible
information so you have to be patient
take note and then do your orientation
experiments and see what works for you
as well accordingly to the way you trade
that the hours you trade and all the
other characteristics of your daily
activity that can affect your trades I
thank you for watching for subscribing
the channel for supporting and as usual
good time and good space