hello everybody and welcome to the third
part of this mini series dedicated to
the swing trading and hedging techniques
and strategies in order to be profitable
over more days holding positions for
more days both in buy and sell if you
saw my previous videos might produce
webinars I was explaining in the first
one theory and in the other one I was
doing some back testing on some charts
pair in order to also simulate through
the data historical data of meta trader
the behavior of the currencies and
therefore the behavior of the of the
expert advisor
anyway this expert advisor is made to
run light so what you will see in this
in this webinar will be the live
behaving and so a real live trading
example that of course I injected a
couple of days ago because we have to
wait for the positions to develop
through the day days and anyway you will
have also some referrals in terms of
statements and it could be very shocking
but I bear with me till the end so you
will see that what I am explaining in
theory then through the expert advisors
that I have designed I am I was capable
to arrive at a point to shake somehow
the markets that in a way that I can
understand at least some moves making
some gain from that so it's a process
that was through these months and years
and here now is an example of opera
tivity through that method
before starting anyway I would like to
make a little preface if you alone like
this in regards to the fact that I am
using at this point let me just let me
just write down a couple of things so
that it will be clear when I will
explain so at this moment what you will
see is that I am using an expert advisor
which which will provide an analysis on
about 30 charts 30 30 currency pairs
providing the eight majors currencies
that we can combine together so we will
have CAD Swiss franc Japanese yen GBP
Australian dollar and New Zealand dollar
Keely and of course we will have Bureau
and dollar then from the analysis this
algorithm which is a cold UFO
unconventional forex observer ultimate
will then provide running on each and
every chart some will process some data
that are in common from the whole box of
all the charts timeframes open close of
each and every currency pair together
and then it will split on each and every
chart analyzing them and contextualizing
the information that it's in
all multi-dimensional object we call
forex related to each and every chart
activating blending orders then
accordingly to the situation trying to
read the markets in real time and then
trying to understand what kind of move
is the more important at the moment
pending orders that in this example you
will see we will ask we will put with
the zero point one unit lot and that for
me will be a kind of only of unadvised
in order to go and get to the chart and
then behave manually so basically the
order is injected pending so it can be
triggered because the price is passing
over Oregon state pending anyway for me
it's just a signal to act on that chart
and to act accordingly to what I have
explained you might produce videos in
regards to hedging okay so what the
charts are providing are providing
signals of strengths and weakness
of those currency pairs okay and we'll
study their temporary correlation this
is to make you understand how the expert
advisor behaves so at the end for me
it's just a matter of running and t4 and
run the algorithm on each and every
chart I want wait for the computation
and then wait for standing orders that
are coming out plus plus the signals
that I have in the panels that are
revealing me informations that will be
used for my strategy okay trading
strategy for some cream trading in this
case the more what we will see will be
an algorithm that will have three main
blocks so a block regarding the analysis
of the currency pairs another block that
it's suggesting a hedging strategy the
basic one but the most important the one
that everybody can can trade and then
the all that you seen in the graphics in
the chart and the price action price
levels of the exact stuff fibonacci as
well I got a customer that I access to
me about adding this feature of
Fibonacci levels so in this case you
will see the UFO with the feature
activated of Fibonacci that is very
interesting because it is automatically
setting up the Fibonacci accordingly to
the highs and lows and properly in the
order that they are at higher or lower
oh hi so it would be very useful
especially for those that are using them
quite often okay so all these tools
together are enough for me to inject
some prediction some orders and to trade
and hold the positions of it because
this is was a big experiment so on
Monday of this week and then I also
invite you to check the charts and with
your Metatrader and verify what I'm
about to show you yeah take a look at
that and then you will understand that
what I have explained in my previous
videos in terms of theory and in terms
of application can be easily applied
just by observing and properly measuring
the performance of the market and taking
in consideration based on quote in our
analysis more than considering the
currency pairs like you know assets to
trade if you have to consider the whole
and then go to the narrow wing narrow
into the basic elements that are
composing our our environment okay so
okay so this is it let's get rid of this
stuff and now let's open this meta
trader so at this moment okay we are
here hero dollar and you can see already
a chart with two buys of one unit so
what I did as I was saying to you that
if my algorithm not at this moment the
algorithm is not running okay I can make
it run it would be in a while now they
also run in this office just because
this way I explain to you but at the
same time I still have positions that
I'd be entered and you can you can
easily
have a look on this these are the ones
that I decided to keep further there
were some trades that I decided to blow
because I was too late but you will see
the performance that I perform it in
these two days anyway here you see we
have the first of August and the second
of August and now we are in the third
and I injected these two orders
according to my my algorithm so these
are already in positive and I injected
them yeah less than one hour ago
less than one hour ago and I got them
from the algorithm then I stopped that
and I prepared the material that I am
about to show you in order to complete
the exposure of this methodology and
approach to Forex okay
at this moment anyway I kept positions
says more days in fact you can see we
have a swap majority of it is negative
there are were also some spots positive
anyway and you can see I'm not trading
with stop-loss I act manually so it's a
semi-automated methodology I apply an
hour I'm showing you bank on all the
possible charts let me just get rid of
this you see let's take the Euro Dollar
it was euro dollar there it is let me
just see this one okay euro dollar so
see it's already combining also the the
Fibonacci levels with the proper
retracement okay and in this case the
algorithm is computing and analyzing the
strength and the weakness of each and
every currency pair it has informations
on their behavior and oscillation in
this such
we archive of data to minute-by-minute
so it can be also a good comparison it
has some parameters that are more wicked
things that they are good to be known
when we are trading and it has also some
information of days and quote related to
the movement of the pair not only to the
value of the base and the quote so in
this case you will and dollar okay then
we have a section that regards the money
management and risk management so
actually I am more 27% on my balance I
started with the McHale normally I
always show you my experiments and my
tricks on demo platform in order to make
it easy and fast and also these demo
patterns I'm also using them for testing
when I'm realizing my expert advisors
because I have to run them using real
you know real live and not back testing
but I need to have a demo convert to run
it and to test the strategy pass the
expert advisor make it work
understand where it doesn't work and
somehow test me so I need this so I
wanted to make I founded a brand new
demo account just for this with 10000
euros so it's an average account and
applied what what you see here is the
institutional version of my algorithm
and there is also a retail version and
simply followed its process the moment
there were some information in order to
take action and then I started to
combine the simple rules of hedging that
I've explained in a video in a webinar
that you can always go back and see
because it's very everything is
correlated
and yeah I simply applied what it's my
strategy and then held the positions for
more days of course I was also in a
negative position of some tips like 10
20 30 pips sometimes but always
fluctuating and always with more you
will see I realized at least I think 70
trades in these two days because and
even if the expert advisor is not
running generating in this case because
it will have its own mark of generation
of orders is anyway providing me the
solution to the trick for today or at
least for this moment because basically
is identifying and recognizing and
telling us in very simple words that
currency that in this case its analyzed
to sell is New Zealand dollar even if we
are in a euro dollar chart it can be any
chart because these are all informations
that are that are recalculated in each
and every chart so even if we don't have
a specific child like GBP New Zealand
dollar doesn't matter we can open them
but in every chart there is the same
information valuable for us to make us
choose the charts we have to study and
trade ok so what is saying here is that
New Zealand dollar is so strong that
it's better to be composed in the
equation of hedging in the sense of
being sold and we have to buy GBD
because it's still strong during this
day is especially on Monday the
suggestion would was GBP and Japanese
yen then it turned into GBP CAD and then
in turn into GBP New Zealand dollar at
the end of the markets today was again a
little bit improving the GBP strong and
Japanese yen weak and now it has
reestablished this balance with New
Zealand dollar so the trades would see
that I realize in the statement will be
reflecting the hedging strategy where
you simply combine New Zealand dollar
and GBP with the strong or the weak that
we are having here against euro or US
dollar in the sense for example we have
both euro and dollar quite strong okay
they are they have both positive values
92 and 56 compared to others in this
case the action to take would be to buy
GBP New Zealand dollar which is what I
did buy and actually look this we have
even more the profit as increased and
this is in real time because I made by
as soon as I saw this so let me profit
in points so it's already 25 pips and
then as between euro and dollar the
strongest is the euro the strongest
against the weakest so you will need to
learn dollar this is the simple strategy
to currency pairs one lot one euro lot
size spare and okay but then you can
hedge by having also this section and
understanding that our other currencies
that are not the weakest and the
strongest but very weak or very strong
and you can combine them together in
order to edge them and this is very easy
and simple okay because the expert
advisor does all the calculation or all
the necessary work workflow that
otherwise it will take hours for each
chart its software divided in three main
blots of subroutines that I built in
this two years and it's about nine
a thousand lines of code okay so it's
quite complex but it has some meaning
and then it must be simple to understand
okay so now what I'm about to show you
it's a bit about the performance and on
this then I invite you to also verify
verify prices and the time whatever you
I can scroll that now a bit you know
even if I than you can stop with your
pose function in your video so then you
can check each and every because this is
all realized between yesterday and today
yes early Monday and yesterday and today
actually were the first hours of the day
and I found I found only now time for
for doing this but I will go briefly
into into this this explanation okay
so let's first a see me let me okay this
is the first one okay so as you can see
at the beginning this is the very first
operation because these are trade that
are all closed transactions or cancel
okay because every 30 minutes
the algorithm projects a trade if the
trade is not kept it recalculates maybe
a better position it closes the previous
one and it puts another order but not
more than one per chart so you will have
only one end one single order buy or
sell and with some rules also for
reversing and so these are all these
orders that are generated while
examining the charts at the beginning I
made as I told you the positive 10000
you
and as you can see in the very first
morning I was even more fresh because at
the end we'll be tired at the end of the
day so performance at the end I wanted
to close though some position that I was
not very convincing but anyway it's just
you know unexampled that I made along
with my trading activity today and some
hours that I could have spent in order
to generate this because I think it's
necessary also to show some statements
so that you can really you know
understand the performance in real and
the situation at this very morning was
quite interesting because with only 13
operations 14 14 to be exact
I was generating you know this profit
and with just one trade that I injected
instead of selling by instead of sell I
instead of by I I pick up the cell phone
mistake and I close that ok it happens
especially if you are doing other things
or making coffee whatever so it can be
anyway this is the the thing but anyway
you can see the proportion between the
gross loss which is 27 euro we have a
gross profit of 502 so this is just a
mistake that you know ok so then we have
let me check the second one which one is
that ok this one is the second so the
first one was here and we were at this
level then I took and enter other trades
and we doublet I doublet basically
keeping the ratio of a hundred percent
of long positions that will decrease
ability to see but anyway really nice
performance in this sense always with
that short position that worked out was
making somehow you know a bit of noise
anyway consecutive wins and consecutive
losses this is the proportion and you
can see the graph very easily also the
balance
and the equity or all the stuff that is
here you know how to read it because you
are in the same okay then the big move
and I also lost because I was late in
running the algorithm euro New Zealand
dollar a bit after I ran super down and
you can checking the in the Metatrader
what happened today and yesterday so the
first the second and the third as you
can see also on a on the days that are
reported here okay then so we were now
at 29 trades and quite impressively this
was the new gain so 3,000 euro so are
really such a really nice performance
with always you know a hundred percent
of long positions and just a long short
position that a hundred percent wrong in
this case which is this one with this
relative throwdown anyway so okay and
this is the capital that I have gained
so plus three thousand seven hundred and
twenty six and I wanted to trade with
lots of one euro and quite not abounding
but somehow trying to be relaxed you
know and following the simple strategy
but then I was just doubling the orders
the moment I was in a good position and
deciding then to get more gain but I
could have done that because will my
suggestions from the algorithm work were
quite coherent so then let's go to the
next one which is this one so from this
one we raised then to this level 5000
okay
and of course all this information here
you can also verify them so I leave them
for you to reach it with the video then
we got another extra trade and some
short positions that were retracement
because to the day of stage when I was
taking profits from the Monday and
injecting some orders for the next day
it was basically a buy day so I tried
some retracement some of them were more
successful others I was they stopped
because I could have you know stopping
at the moment before so I took them with
a little loss or a break-even but they
were not important because they were a
retracement phase and I was searching
for the long position and then finally
we got as you can see at the end I was
just closing some orders but that was
already taking only the good positions
continuing and so let's hope that now
it's getting better let's see what is
going to get is raised if we take a
snapshot now just to just to have a very
recent update ok
[Music]
okay so we see now write this as even
more incremented okay and we have of
course we had some losses because I
decided to close and not to keep more
because we were going towards the
midnight spreads were starting to rise
so I just made this in order to make at
least a couple of days but now we're in
the third day so for me the objective of
explaining and showing how to perform
swing trading it is this okay and you
can see by yourself is these are graphs
that you would like to see in your
statements some considerations normally
people shows you this kind of grass be
be aware that what you're seeing here is
not a back-testing graph not a backtest
made with it's a real-time because you
can see you can tell it by the multiple
currencies that are traded okay in a
back-testing you just test one currency
pair and you have just that currency
pair with all the episodes they have
infinite numbers of trades very huge
draw downs and incredible you know up
and downs they have not kind of you know
consistent increase meant and in a very
moderate trade so this is why it's good
for me to trade with man you allottee
with knowledge and apply the knowledge
to the instruments that are facilitating
and making easily the process of
analyzing in a matter of minutes okay
another thing that you should notice
despite the fact that in some positions
i have settled
I'll take profit pay attention to the
Colin of the stop-loss because in all
the trades that have been injected
through these days I never used an extra
plus no stop losses currency the moment
you have decided their correlation and
established that in such in a quite you
know meaningful period of time they need
their space to behave so make inserting
a stop loss it's something that you have
to do after when you have reached the
point and then you go you know in a
break-even position or a bit out but
then you have the profit but when you
have to let them be and even go in a
negative situation you must let them
breathe without stop losses so even some
risk because you're saying yeah without
surpluses but the risk is that they are
covered one to be one with the other by
hedging and you see positions of GBP
Japanese yen they are from the first
then we have dispositions from the
second that I kept because they were
suggested from this final analyzer and
and then now GDP New Zealand dollar and
euro New Zealand dollar which are
already 50 pips made with two of them
only so this is then a discrete way of
trading that gives you anyway consistent
gain okay so this is something that I
can show you and make you understand and
each and every chart each chart works
and behaves accordingly to my formulas
and then understanding that what is
going on of course in this case as I
called you I see one oxy applied they
can also be of course deleted or it can
be
given without without need of of the
Fibonacci levels if you're not using
them anyway now you can see also here
are all the values running running so
given a complete vision of the market at
least for the first hours now I decided
a moment to take a break and already let
go the positions that I have established
for the very first day and see what they
were going to give anyway from a 15
capital that we have here balance okay
that we have at this moment the equity
is 900 so I always almost made the 200%
in two days enough which is the cycle
that I was telling you it's embedded in
India in this algorithm that I am that
I'm using I got a lot of males with
questions of any kind and means too much
the if I have to answer to all of them
but some of you they were asking me also
statement and anyway it was in program
to do that the moment I was completing
so I think that with this we have from
the theory to some first understanding
of the behavior of how it works and then
some practical examples that may arise
realized right after of course not in
the same moment of the example because
the example was in history and this was
applied to the first and the second one
and the third of August so this is this
is what what what are the results and
you can see also that when we are losing
and when we are
having let's say that the profit let me
just show you better okay let's go
insert so yes these are the losses
especially this ones I close them you
know too much later should have wait a
bit more but it's fine but the average
losses are more this kind okay and if we
go and see the magnitude of the profit
on the other side well we have greater
greater profits that are hedging and
covering properly you know possible
negative moments and see we have also
negative positions like this but then we
had for example 368 398 173 57 minus 27
so this is how it works and the
combination in a way of all of them
together and as you can see the ones
that are negative are some experiment
that I was doing I could have put only
the buy orders and let it go but then I
also I wanted to trade and attend some
replacements so this is also on the
other side and some of them was
successful other were less while the
buys positions were the majority and
positive and so you see that they were
in this case some sell orders in
positive and other sell orders in
negative but I was kind of you know
trying to test in awesome with some kind
of easiness because it has to be
something that you feel calm and relaxed
and even if you are making little
mistakes that can be because we are not
perfect the overall performance of the
portfolio and the currency pairs that
you have chosen for your exposure and in
the
and in the lungs must be enough accurate
in order to create enough space even for
little mistakes and that can occur but
they don't have to damage your your your
investment and your speculation that
you're doing with with the current six
well I think this complete um with all
the other aspects that can be said of
course this will be some mentoring some
private stuff some creation of
algorithms for you if you want or simply
send me as usual on email because
certain things will have a different
part I cannot figure out all the other
questions and put them now because I'm
quite tired today and I wanted anyway to
give this also evidence that it's quite
important because theory and it's
functional to operative ET and strategy
and these elements must have a positive
performance okay so for me I hope it's
clear that I can generate robots and
automate a trade but it won't be that
efficient as a human being is the
important thing is for me is to have the
right information at the right moment
take a decision lowering the risk rising
at the maximum the probability of
success and let it go for the day next
day is another day is another reset if
certain positions are somehow defined or
they are still breathing and being
positive if you keep them otherwise you
wait for the next signal that anyway it
would be injected here as well
as in the orders that the moment I let
for example now go the auto trading and
I let go the auto trading on all the
charts just as a final example if the
algorithm is detecting any any kind of
elements let's see now what it's what
we'll do or if it's generating something
or not I don't know anyway the algorithm
when it runs it will analyze the chart
and provide all the necessary
information for a hedging strategy and
then we can also keep in analysis our
performance in in the equity and
understand how much capital we are
risking if we're in negative or our how
much capital we are generating and
adding to our because now we have 30%
more of this value which is almost 20
now so thanks for watching and thanks
for the patience of these three three
webinars that together hope they will
make sense for you and that can be
digested little by little accordingly to
your time and we'll to understand and to
put your head into this kind of sin
quite complicated but it's very simple
somehow at the end and for any need
let's keep in contact okay have a great
time space and ideas for the day after
and for those are our trading tomorrow
that would be a very profitable day ok
bye ciao