the
everybody and welcome to this new
episode on which I keep you updated and
also I hope I will try to - to answer to
some questions that usually receive via
email
in regards to the evolution of the UFO
which basically is always UFO it's just
that I've added along this week's I've
coded a couple of sets of new formulas
that can provide me even more insight in
the eight major currencies of the forex
market in order to understand what are
the weak and the strong and the
conditions of basically overbought and
oversold in order to narrow my selection
only to the most effective currencies
actually I am having just the last two
trades that I'm waiting to see if I have
to close them or not this last two
trades were injected very some one hour
ago and they already provided me this
amount of profit but I will show you
that that show you the statements so
that you can understand I started
testing this new feature already in the
previous week and on Friday I injected
disorders some of them were floating
between positive and negative at the end
with CAD especially with care because
Swiss franc was positive
in the balance but CAD was having a
spike provided me a bit of loss in these
two positions but these were only the
traits that are injected of course with
the brand new de macau for purpose of
explanation and demonstration along
anyway with other trades that were you
know the case is positive provided me a
profit of 1600 on a base of 10,000 so I
got to negative position sometimes with
trade you have a hundred percent
certainty of last but as I said in my
previous video and this is a bit
continuation of the previous one somehow
the overall balance is what we need to
read and have because we are
distributing our risk and managing our
risk on multiple assets then after this
trade that I closed on Monday morning I
created and injected other trades
guessing and trying also to trade with
the Aussie USD that was not as much
successful was always floating and I was
not in a very good point of injection
but I would anyway trading coherently
Aussie USD and in buy and GB plc in
himself basically the the currency were
moving because of the GDP and anyway
with these two main results I got an
increment of value of my profit from
1602 22 almost 23
and then one hour ago
injector other other trades which were
basically this part is for just take
this this four trades so still even even
more than this let me just grab it
properly this six okay so where you was
the was traded against the cab in by GBP
traded against US dollar himself usd/cad
another trade similar to that was in by
and cadion and GBP Japanese yen in South
doublet because - they are still running
and actually got this maximum of
floating trades open which in our Arabic
retracing and the curve of the profit
with 17 with 18 total trades was anyway
incremented to 3600 okay so this is what
we can see in the stat so you can always
check with your meta trader platform
time the day the graphics everything as
usual I always invite you to the diet
and now we are on a stationary condition
probably there would be maintain this
equation where Japanese yen is detected
strong in the major time frame so the
monthly the weekly and daily and GBP is
detected the weakest of the situation so
we are always talking both in this
situation in
in an exception of weak and strong
overbought or oversold so these two
conditions are somehow blended together
in my calculations and as we are
assisting here that Japanese yen is
detected that we should go long
we see that in for example in the
one-hour time frame and it was also in
the 30 minutes before but now it has
changed it again and way in the 1 hour
is detector to go short that's why the
result race minister of 1300 now I have
just ten hundred but anyway this is an
hour where the markets are almost
closing for today and I don't will I
would like not to keep the position open
and make new trades tomorrow in the next
days and attempting to somehow really
Kate the process even with more
precision but the results are very
encouraging because there is this kind
of clear detection with two Astra
formulas that that allows us to
immediately have a vision that state
I took the trade the last trade I took I
took them in this area I'll show you the
GDP Japanese yen okay
and I got this very nice south direction
of the GDP Japanese yen and same
situation was for the Korean and as we
can see also CAD is detected negative
even if not that like GDP because in the
weekly we see we have a magnitude of
minus 174 in the cad compared to a
magnitude of a minus 450 of the top GBP
but anyway is negative and we can trade
the weakest and the over both against
the oversold and the strong so Japanese
yen in this case Japanese yen is leaving
the markets for this day I'm always
talking about daily situations because
peeps and profit can be done day by day
and instead of having of course was of
like sometimes to extend my trades or
extend them for a swing trading
condition more days but it's obvious
that hmm today's Monday is the second of
their is the 5th of February 2018 and as
well as Friday and Monday there are very
critical days so I wanted also to to
test this new formulas in the worst days
that we normally have in the Forex and
we know that Friday and Monday are those
days so I think that with this week of
testing that I'm about to lead I will
even more have a fine tuning of the
formulas that I'm using and I like to
have to use also this situation for
thanking your love of maize that I have
received with a lot of questions and
unfortunately I cannot reply to all of
you I would give priority to those who
are presenting themselves and explaining
a bit the situation of their needs and
for those who are willing to support
this project that can be an opportunity
to share even more information
let's do final closing and a final
report
okay so so at the end between Friday and
Monday because I was asked at all so
that normally I do trades but I'm not
doing them on the very critical days and
if it's possible to us so I decided to
make a video and a test on this on this
very days so ever and also with some as
you can see some negative situation I
always traded without using stop loss
because the Kombi retracement
of the price and by if the price hits
much it's a stop loss then you
completely lose the opportunity to have
a great great amount of profit but in
certain conditions I observe anyway the
markets and if I think that is not meant
to be that I was guessing too much and
hoping that the values were going
towards the direction but they were at
their limit and that they were retracing
I i'd rather operate manually and this
decided to close the trade keeping a bit
of loss but that compared to the overall
result it's it's very little okay so
this is also a very nice graphic with
very few negative lines let's say and we
anyway a very good percentage of result
with only 20 trades a small scalping
that could have been even more
short-term opportunity for example in
the
at the end as we can see now we are
having a retracement at this level so we
could have also stopped here half an
hour ago for example but now we are
going towards the next day as soon as we
hit the midnight there will be probably
an increase mental activity spreads that
will go up for about an hour so all
these conditions can also be situations
that can go against my trade and it's
better to wait for the markets to have a
repositioning and then try it again or
probably there would be also situation
where this friend can continue but there
would be anyway up a moment where we hit
the London session so maybe with the
retracement and a good new positioning
or probably there's also that can also
be the situation where there would be a
floating for a day of this of this stage
of pairs and maybe other pairs are
moving so I can maybe catch other other
currencies to to be traded okay so with
this I will I have given you another
look look at this moment maybe I could
have made even a little bit more if I
would away but for me this is for giving
you
and can I say a demonstration that
anyway even if you are not getting a
hundred percent of what you can take you
taken aware of the moment you are
focusing only on specific currency pairs
that are moving the bar test for that
day and behaving always with with some
care not to not to think like I want to
take the trade for a lot of days just
taking the trade for a few hours or
maybe the day the whole day that can be
enough and can give very nice and
important results of course I have also
my real account trading and that is
another story it's my private story as I
say to to you all the times even if I
receive mail that I'm asking to show my
personal personal account that that's
why our personal that I of course helped
you in the detection and also giving you
some information at least for what is
the markets at this moment without the
markets at this moment that they're set
up with this example on a demo account
which was the same way as an earlier
account because it's using the same data
from the broker okay so if you want to
have a understanding of the situation of
the currency pairs the currencies sorry
originated the currency pairs originated
by the currencies you can just stop the
video and take note of these values
thinking always that there can be a
reset or that certain values can become
even stronger or weaker and determine
another fluctuation of the markets or in
currencies okay so take note about the
monthly the weekly and daily especially
the thing that at this hour which is
around midnight now here in Europe there
can be some extra movement even in the
opposite direction so you have to be
careful that around midnight brokers are
closing their positions than the spreads
are going up so you have to be careful
and with this said I thank you for
watching my videos for your emails and
comments for subscribing this channel
and supporting the project and I wish
you good time and as usual a good space