good afternoon / evening everybody
here I'm making this second part in
order to conclude the first exposition
that it came from this morning so we are
having a whole view of the situation
unluckily I got some windows issues and
this is something that I think it's
recurring in the majority of the Windows
10 operating system and it is something
that also traders sometimes sometimes
have to deal with the platforms that are
slowing down and windows that is calling
for Windows Defender or some update and
then make them makes a mess with the
system so you need to make a reboot or
whatever or you have other applications
running you know it can be a case also
like that so also this I tested the good
quality of my algorithm even you know
losing the bit side of the trace for
some some time and then coming back so I
now we are at the ending of the European
session and I have already closed all my
trade but luckily I save all the reports
so we can give it a brief look and have
a discussion about about them and what
they are showing us so if you if you
remember let me just grab them okay if
you remember and check anyway because if
you don't remember you can always go and
check
okay this is the second this the third
and this is the first third okay so this
line we were finishing our previous
video tutorial with this performance so
you can check the trade account and the
operations that I was running I have
closed and other operations that I
started to run if you remember and then
I closed the video because then I had to
focus also on my trades and then I would
have made the second part with the
ending and see how I would perform if I
would have been in the need of targeting
another currency different from
Australian dollar for today or if I have
to keep that and what other trades among
all the trades that I was running should
have been kept for the lung and others
that were starting to retrace was about
giving an impression of going sideways
and in that case would have been better
you know take only the profitable ones
that wouldn't make bibs instead of being
in a kind of sideways situation that
then you don't even understand from your
balance what is going on and can be
disorienting so you avoid that kind of
stress if you are positively examples a
little losses but the overall must be
great and positive okay so in the second
up in the second screenshot of statement
that I took from this trade from the
straight today you see the same account
number more operations and he was like
off an hour ago something like that
where I decided at the end to close some
positions even in negative because I was
not trusted into the mud spots his Frank
and Japanese yen and because my
algorithm was suggesting more euro and
GBP against Australian dollar even in
the one hour time frame and in the four
hour time frame and Australian dollar
strong even with even if now starting to
raise also US dollar but us thought the
Australian dollar strong even
the weekly timeframe okay so as we can
see after 12 trades we went from 10,000
to 11,000 or 12,000 and then with 26
phrase okay we arrived 3,000 euros more
then course you can always check this
performance we have now some losses it's
almost impossible to make a hundred
percent sometimes as possible if I would
have stopped this morning and not doing
anything else under the make a hundred
percent but I also accept some risk
because we the risk and profit are
linked together this can gain risk and
gain and I wanted anyway to give some
trust to my Freight and my forecasting
that was coming from my expert advisor
so this was which is 1% of flow down and
then the third one where I closed also
the latest transactions with the same
account is having more transactions
please go and check by yourself you're
fresh of today you can go check or even
if it's not today it is it in the future
you can always refer to this space and
go back and check the charts of your
Metatrader if you have an ECM broker is
better because i rely only on trustable
you see an broker and with just two
operations left that I closed this was
the final game no more drawdown that was
the people in the previous statement and
in overall performance that is likely to
have homeless everyday
okay just a bunch of trades to stay in a
page very clean one position open fur
and then we I repeated the procedure
because if values are true and they are
not and they are solid they must be true
until they change or something changes
in the surroundings that makes you
understand that that movement maybe that
currency can be can continue to be
strong but other currencies from weak
becomes strong as well so that it's why
they go sideways and if you refine your
analysis also with some separate
analysis like I do from Excel or other
things then the precision of your trades
and hedging that you put together you
know more currencies with some kind of
reasons or correlation becomes even more
sharp and effective is that sometimes
markets are very confusing and so you
have to proceed for grades and maybe
also try something that can go wrong but
that can give you a height fit ability
and in another case you close it without
too much loss okay so that's very simple
approach then with the aid of these
modules is very useful in order to to
get a visual aid of the performance of
our portfolio well of course the trades
are running and you can see here the
balances are expected okay not exactly
why because this is the second which one
yeah sorry this was a gross profit I was
looking at this the balance 14 two two
nine three seven fourteen two two nine
three seven so this is exactly the same
exactly because I don't want to mess
around and also not to confuse you to be
very single so I think this is the
maximum of simplicity you know simpler
than this and it's all manual trading
which can be disaffected robots cannot
be disaffected in very short moves but I
prefer to make this profit in less
trades that make this profit in three or
four times to trade and the time for the
space and time that I sacrificed my self
for something that I can obtain with
less a bit of more ability to risk but
having a limitation of our risk that
comes from the analysis of the market if
now we see the market quickly and now I
just open just recap and to give my
system a bit of bread because there are
a lot of calculations that are occurring
every second every tick not every second
in the weekly timeframe Australian
dollar is still strong but also US
dollar now so I stopped Australian
dollar for today in the daily we are
still having this projection after on
our Swiss franc and I spend a lot you
are but we are at the end of the day and
at the end of the European session if we
go down in the 4-hour chart the schedule
of serving euro dollar for s regard the
chart but here are the results of the
whole market so no matter the chart
here's something dynamic okay dynamic
data that are updated and complicated
everything we are having still of Salian
dollar but this time we do wrong inject
EVP that was my choice because GBP was
also weak here but as I can see now in
the holy timeframe there is no more
Australian dollar
- BP but there is a New Zealand dollar
cad New Zealand dollar cad that is
emerging in the Howrah timeframe and in
30 minutes as well and in the 15 minutes
as well this is something that I see now
and I don't want to over trade so I will
not put myself in another situation
where it's just something in their lower
timeframes but I can give you anyway a
projection that at this moment if we
check the New Zealand dollar cad it's
just something that is you know it's an
hour more relaxed at probably okay let's
apply our
Oh
this one
okay
you can see how New Zealand dollar cut
is going from our projection New Zealand
dollar by and cut itself this is a new
possibility that anyway we have to
understand we are now only in the u.s.
session and also data at this moment
they are just creating a new set up it
will take a moment
giving me energy is that when I play a
video and I record a video sometimes
they are going in conflict let me just
redo the operation
but anyway this thing you know I can
also reserve it for another good this
will messed up at this moment
probability is receiving information
let's do this let's say streak to these
values
anyway we see them here we don't need a
chart but anyway they have installed is
like 45 and 40 if you had in at 30
minutes of 39 and 30 for the hourly and
here they already somehow is appearing
in the four hours so it's not even the
case to go and look for that we have to
wait for an asset at least in the four
hours and in the day for determining a
new bunch of trades if it's the case for
the pain okay so nothing much more to
say then issue a very good evening and
thanking you so much for watching and
supporting subscribe my channel for the
new videos that are coming in and next
week because I will take some vacation
as well as soon as I'm crazy and finish
with this way for about some days and
anyway if you have requests or whatever
you can always write me because I would
always be available for checking email
or your stuff with an even any
publication okay so enjoy time enjoy
space enjoy life and take care okay and
make good trades with the screen and
study and develop also your sense
through the markets for reading them
properly okay I have a great time bye
you