hi everybody today
it's Molly mornings the last week of
November I will do this brief video in
order to show you an intro week
situation on the past week I was trading
different currency pairs but then at the
Halfhand of the week I was focusing on
Jose yen that started at a certain point
to range two main levels of support
resistance with the range of 15 pips
something like that and on the Friday I
had to take the decision to basically
keep my trades on and take a bit of risk
in order to accomplish to what my expert
advisor was telling me about the
situation of all the yen and in fact
this morning the morning at 3 o clock
yeah there was that quite enough big
movement
with me positively and that made me
realize an extra profit and let's just
go these as you can see I will show you
then of course as usual the final
balance whatever but as you can see
there are positions that are taken some
of them I already closed them other are
still on just two for the purpose of
explaining what I was doing and as you
can see the position in the worse
Friday so today is Monday and I was
observing for the end that from monthly
basis as you may see here we have a very
negative value of oszi and a positive
value of y that actually is also some
however breath in
the weekly timeframe and in the daily of
course because we are at the beginning
of the week today so they should be the
same but yes they're trying to be more
than positive now for our chart and as
well in the hourly chart let's also see
the 30 minute charts and 15 minute
charts we have started we are starting
to have also a negative value of
Japanese yen and somehow there is
district racemaster occurred so I took
the majority of my positions as I will
show you in a while and now I'm about
also to close these three positions
because it made out of profit
okay and as usual I will do my account
history to report
just okay so as you may see I started
trading GDP Australian dollar and our
all the US dollar okay
this word at the beginning of the
previous week and then I started trading
Australian dollar Japanese yen so let's
go from the beginning this is final
Paris anyway and at the beginning of the
week I was just trading this currency
pairs was about ranging situation okay
so not that much pips so I had to
enforce my positions to make a lot of
peeps of what I was looking for and on
the very first days of the week this was
the initial result and of course as
usual please take note and make a check
with your meta trader platform in order
to see the coherence of the values and
the timings and the prices of the
currency pairs that I've trade this is
the initial account as you can see we
have leverage of 500 and and this is the
produce we
starting okay so I have a bit of a
trader but because there was a strange
situation that allowed me to position
myself with more trades and because
there was not that much big movement and
yeah this is the continuation so then I
started to trade Aussie yen and also
took some profit but then there was this
continuous retracement that suggested me
to enforce the positions for why
expected big move that should have
already should have still to come and
because of this I decided to have a
different strategy and once in a while
we do that we can do that to open
positions that would have been taken at
least at the beginning of the next week
so only for week trading in this case
and here we are three days after the
24th of November and this is the profit
that I got with no negative no losses
and continuing
I was trading taking profit in order
time to attempt a move that then I did
so I was a bit covered with some margin
some positive margin for myself and
finally the big move brought me this
this huge increase meant
in my in my balance of course there
would have been more trades so was a
kind of scalping and at the same time
that arrived to an inch a week situation
but I had to position myself with
different Lots I also made some stupid
mistakes like I don't know why opening
another chart of Aussie yen that was
giving me to trade 0.01 lot so anyway
nothing negative in any sense but I had
to be more careful about this because
I've lost some good positions that I
could have take that out but no problem
that the overall performance was already
safe and this is the final statement
that I just closed now my trades all of
them because I have some stuff to do and
I have no time at this point to trade in
these next days I will do that in a
different situation and of course also
because Ozzy onion they are somehow
retracing and so there is this big
regime that still persisting but the
overall performance with all these stats
and all this percentage of successful
positions that you may notice and read
by yourself and to make your own
considerations is quite it's quite
resting and and we go back here to my
Aussie yen okay and I'm basically I was
driven by following the Aussie yen even
if I should've also consider the euro
Australian dollar but I was started with
that and somehow I decided to keep on
that there was this monthly suggestion
here you can see monthly okay there was
this monthly suggestion that was telling
me that the currencies that I shoulda
focus on would be nosy with this very
negative and strongly negative movement
and the Japanese yen as a currency to
trade against us so
this is the final result that you can
also see in the statements again just to
make it clear so I have to say that even
thought I always say not to to close the
trades at the end of the week
in this particular case with this range
situation let me show you also here see
why the mistake on season 1 ok there was
this ranging face continuously ranging
between this highs and lows at the
beginning of the week there was this
signal and then a retracement at this
level and then band at 3 o'clock in the
morning there was this retracement this
was this big move down of enough peeps
for what was regarding my position
enough to make me realize did that extra
profit now I don't know we are at the
end of the month this wire closing
probably there could be another movement
down whatever I've realized enough
profit and this is for me a clue now
because we are as I was saying at the
end of a month and these are crucial
moments where we have to be very careful
and take a deep look to our situation
the more I am developing as well also
this extra features in in the graphical
section in a graphical module of these
algorithms so that takes me also easy
and I have to focus focus with my brain
and encoding rather than trading so I
have to give some kind of alternate
alternate break things what has to say
the the solution worked it anyway very
well in a very high timeframe
perspective in regards to the analysis
of the markets and their situation ok so
with this brief update what I realized
by simply following the suggestions of
my supervisor in line with the theories
that I explained in my previous videos
that I suggest you to to take a look and
in this case there are both some other
examples that are made for a scalping
and also this one with a
a week
trading example that you could see as
well as webinar so I suggest you before
sending me questions via email of your
skype to take a look at them and as
usual thanks for watching subscribing
and supporting my work and have a good
time and a good space ok