hi everybody welcome to this new update
on Monday of the forex market Monday
Tuesday in real talking about some
phrase starting on Monday coming from
forecast from the previous week that I
have to say it
I received some emails with some
questions about how to hedge from my
last video
some of you were talking about CAD and I
explained that you cannot go random to
pick up the currencies in your trading
but you must have a method and a vision
of the markets in order to understand
what currencies you should trade
actually let me show you there is this
setup that is going on from a monthly
vision it already was expressing last
week on which we can see that New
Zealand dollar
let me always do this trick in order to
show you better as a very negative
situation is very weak
and in this case I will show a different
a different setup on which we do a kind
of hedging and where we trade you run
dollar both in by against in this case
the weakest currency which is New
Zealand dollar from the very first
statement that I can show you I already
made some trades and you can see there
is a swap condition so swing trading
that I started on Monday and as you can
see I took already some profit and this
is the balance curve and and now I'm
going to also close these trades in
order to show you the final balance that
you can do in a couple of days by simply
having a methodology so markets were
expressing as I told you the weakness of
the New Zealand dollar and an obvious
strength both in US dollar and in Europe
as you can see these values are very
huge both in positive and negative
therefore the two currency pairs as I
was also explaining to some of you that
will show that say in this case where
your own New Zealand dollar in buy and
so this is what I got I got also other
trades but just to show you and I'm
going to
to visualize at the end what it what it
can be the the profit that you can take
from this kind of analysis let me show
you better and the New Zealand dollar US
dollar so what do we have here we see
also that in a lower timeframe we are in
a five minute charts the zealand dollar
is weak and dollar and euro are strong
and so i decided to take some profit not
to leave my money in the market or to my
broker and just leave one trade for
currency pair so we have new zealand
dollar of course itself because in
zealand dollar
we US dollar strong brings a sell
condition and
Euron Zealand dollar were stronger and
you can see there are there is a perfect
correlation at this moment euro is
strong so by Euro and selling New
Zealand aura okay this condition that
can go further whatever but for me it's
like already realizing the profit enough
and with all this movements of the
markets quite sudden we don't expect to
do that much so let's close my trades
okay and let's do a final account
balance so a statement so we can then
analyze it together
sorry okay so we were in this condition
and as you can see the only currencies
that I decided to trade since Monday
were New Zealand dollar and US dollar in
South and Euro against New Zealand
dollar in buy this is a perfect hedging
combination
basically New Zealand dollar stays in
the middle and it's traded against the
true currency pairs that shows some some
strength if New Zealand dollar is weak
or some weakness in the opposite case if
New Zealand dollar was strong in this
case we have New Zealand dollar weak and
the only solution was to decide what
other currencies could have been treated
for Don and
as we can see this the statement brought
me already this profit okay
then I like other two trades to go
further and so the final result and that
can be fine for the whole week because
if you have enough then you can do other
things or you can decide that in this
moment you don't want to wait for a
retracement phase or for a sideways and
you don't know what big hands will do
the next days therefore you keep kind of
a huge profit compared to the capital
that is invested and to the time that
you are running with your trades
especially because you have a negative
swap in this case and can be as we are
at the end of the month almost in this
week we are at the end of the month
some retracements and huge retracements
in the opposite direction can happen so
if you already made your part as we are
little we are not big investors big
hedge funds or institutions that can
manipulate the market we decide to take
the minimum amount of trades and in the
minimum time with the maximum profit
that can be done coherently so things
that I've been asking is that how to
read the chart and how to understand
what to expect and why to trade specific
currency pairs instead of others
well if you had no vision of the market
then you have to go random to each one
of these ones and find which one are
perfectly correlated in order to create
a hedging strategy but if you go
a whole vision of the market which is
not nine charts but these nine charges
because it's the nine major time frames
that you can get from a platform like
Metatrader so one minute five minutes 15
half an hour one hour four hours day
week and then you analyze how the
currencies are behaving towards this
situation and you see if there are
correlations for example let's take a
look here and we see that at one minute
we're starting to have this oscillation
were New Zealand dollar is starting to
behave sometimes strong and you run
dollar as you see negative so weak this
case is the point to turn off the trades
and to take the profit okay it could be
that there is also more
the continuation of a trend but we
honest I honestly rely on the numbers
and when I have realized something like
this very few hours or days with this
kind of move for me it's enough by my
experience the moment you all are enough
with yourself and you realize this
profit that you can see is the same that
is stated here so is the same you know
brand new account that every week I do
for micro proptosis and for my examples
along with my personal trading which is
private as should be yours then you see
that with only 8 currency pair at 8
currencies sorry
eight currencies you have the vision of
the whole market then when you see New
Zealand dollar dollar and euro
currency pairs are already made by
definition so it's not that difficult
you know that New Zealand dollar US
dollar comes this way and you know that
New Zealand dollar is paired with euro
in the shape of euro insulin dollar so
that's why you've won yourself and the
other you buy but it's very simple and
it's very effective because I don't have
to struggle reading all the charts I
have only the maximum exposition of fine
frames that I want to decide to analyze
and then of course I can open only the
charts that I'm interested in so you
roll New Zealand all that and New
Zealand dollar US dollar in this case
okay
the strategy is very simple we don't
need too much we need just to understand
if this behavior is confirmed or if
there are stops that are suggesting this
is time to close the trade but in the
long term so let's say the monthly these
are huge values compared for example to
Japanese yen which is 200 compared to
1000 or oszi which is 700 or roughly or
Jimmy P Swiss franc OCAD which are not
very interesting at least in this month
so just to end up and of course I always
recommend you to take a look watch to my
previous videos both the examples and
the tutorials on how to use and how to
apply hedging strategy which is not only
applying something is also analyzing
something first and then applying
according to the rules that I explained
in the many webinars that you can find
on my channel and and then go coherently
with a simple equation that provides you
the hedgy okay
so this is just a little update as I was
promising I hope that this clarifies
even more the simplicity of opera tivity
and workflow that you require when you
analyze the markets this way and as I
wanted to do this at the beginning
because this week I will be quite busy
and so just to leave a mark
also for for this week and for you think
about and to have some more examples to
rely on and I thank you for watching
subscribing and supporting my work for
any questions or whatever as usual via
mail by comments or the Skype probably
this week I will be less present than
normal but I will try to do my best
ok so thanks and have a good evening and
a good week in this case to go ok bye