so
the body and welcome to unconventional
forex Channel this video
I will realize some practical example of
what explained in my previous two videos
therefore if you already seen them
that's fine this is the right place to
conclude this practical example of
trading which is just an example for
educational purposes on what I have
described exhaustively in my previous
two videos if it's the first time you
can watch of course this video too but I
strongly suggest you to watch the
previous two ones that are connected to
what I'm about to show you today okay so
let's start immediately and okay the
great part of the theory has been
explained on my previous videos of
course I will do some relation and some
kind of conclusions in this video for
what as we got what I was explaining in
the previous webinars but today I am
going to share a practical day trading
application to to prove that by
analyzing forex using math in this case
I use my own formula which is the UFO
engine for determining weak weakness and
strength of the currencies along with
divergencies along with some filters
how all this put together can become a
trade activity while determining the
currency pairs to trade and the
positions and take action okay
so let's first of all take a look to my
Excel spreadsheet in continuous
evolution actually you saw other tabs
okay my previous webinars this is a kind
of quite complex recap in the moment
that you see for the first time but at
the end is something very simple to read
if you know what what and works okay
actually what I'm trading today it's a
portfolio there it's explained here in
this this chart okay it's always from
right to left and I will show you
something that I made yesterday for
example for instance of course
females are coming every day I cannot
reply to all the email some emails are
fake other are very interesting and I
always thanks all the people that are
writing me down and
writing comments or contacting me via
Skype and sustaining this project okay
what we can see here is something that I
have to show you in order to complete
some answers to the questions that were
regarding the fact that it's a very long
time that I don't show something
practical Metatrader on how to perform
this okay so it's fine it's right I also
have the time to do that so what I
decided to do is to follow strictly my
my complex algorithm which is basically
is sort on don't be scared okay so I am
observing the market observation the
market performance which are these two
graphs okay and then determining the
best assets to trade for the day it's
always they trading so it's something
that you start in the morning and you
close something right now so when the
markets are closing and the liquidity
and the activity is moving down okay so
you get only the best moves and you take
out the rest of course there are minor
trades that can be done but they are not
consistent as I will show you my
approach is finally from this filter
selection there is another filter
direction so basically what it what it
series all logical stuff that converts
to math something that has a number with
a certain magnitude positive or negative
to true or false okay so based on this
matrix that I can read I determinate
some trades okay
so let me show you let me just do this
so basically in the day of yesterday
yesterday was the 25th of June 2019 I
created as usual a brand new team
account for making an example and in the
day of yesterday my readings were
stating that New Zealand dollar was the
most important currency to trade against
the others in fact as you can see New
Zealand dollar was strong compared to
all the others some of them they
realized little profit other much more
important profit we are in this example
we're starting with the base of 50,000
units of currency and we trade one lot
for the purpose of showing you and what
are the currencies there are trade of
course lot size and it's always it has
always to be included in a money
management approach therefore it has to
be proportional to our initial balance
which is in this case
okay of course if we are blessed we
should also we have to also to decrease
the lot size going from standard odds to
minimal so microwatts okay so basically
the first day you can see very easily
from the result of my trading it was a
hundred percent positive results so
basically on three and four seven seven
trades they were all successful and
profitable and the final gain at the end
of the day was of two thousand and one
hundred excluding the Commission's units
okay so a quite nice treatment of this
was for the day of yesterday attained
today I start from the beginning of the
day because of course I can stay here
all the time in front of the video
showing what things that are going on so
I will show you then I will close the
trades and we will make the final
balance of this okay so this is the
basically the 26th so today of June 2019
and here is the prospect of the trades
that I have made yesterday okay so this
is what I am exposing I'd made yesterday
okay which is basically this one
I started today noticing that yen was
the currency Morse more weed than any
other so I decided to trade yen and sell
against other currencies and starting
from negative balance the moment that I
injected the orders okay so see here is
838 and the trades have been placed
between six thirty seven and seven and
then some others enforcement's on GBP
was the currency that was more retracing
than others but as my algorithm was
suggesting that I was 92 96% ride on my
trade I decided to enforce for this
currency for the GBP which is very
obvious that has a lot of volatility and
I increased the lots in order to
compensate a bit even if there were
other currencies that were starting to
compensate so you see some negative
position some positive positions okay
the major drove down at the beginning of
the day was made by Gd
okay going further now we have a reading
of the statement at 10:00 in the morning
and at 10:00 in the morning so after one
hour and auth okay I was already in
positive
of 1,500 units okay then reading at
11:12 so after one hour and I was 4,000
units
I got also at the reading a reading at
12 o'clock that was probably the maximum
okay was 5,000 units please take
attention to pay attention also to these
details okay then I got the maximum one
o'clock of five thousand four hundred
units of profit for today with this
setup if you see all the trades started
this morning and they're still running
okay so let's take the loop to
Metatrader and we see that after okay
I got a buy the first buy of the day
let's say here we are having the gbp/jpy
okay I got this
first buy but then I got this
replacement the most major retracement
for GDP I said in my algorithm GBP was
retracing but I got the senior the
signal compared to Japanese yen to buy
GBP and to start upon this young so I
decided to stay straight if you say if
you see some kind of blinks or whatever
and just updating my you can see now is
to try to seat like here so it's time
and it's another day training because of
course today I started with a new train
opening new seasons and having a bit of
trust in my system for us regard
situations like this because of course
you start to buy while the currency is
retracing down and then you have this
big up and then you have a moment of
retracement retracement of half of the
movement so you can also think that my
my trade is now going against okay but
as I still have in this scenario still
my portfolio which is this one for today
so all the current system is began and
this is developed the development of my
trades okay so this synthetic assets in
that the instrument created by putting
together hedging more currencies
together as you may notice I got of
course this peak I got this down now I
got this up but I'm almost at 5,000
units again because all the currencies
that are in the portfolio are working
together are working along together okay
what to say I would say that if we
analyze other currencies like all the
yen for example let me check if I have
it here okay on the car so euro yen
let's see briefly in 30 minutes
okay so euro yen
[Music]
and put some up I in this area and look
at this very simple and is okay 550 tips
here then we have GDP n okay gbpn
alright we already saw that sorry let me
just put back or let's - maybe something
even better just take a moment
so trades have been injected around this
power here more or less okay
okay so we have gbpn then we have euro
yen okay and we are rosy yeah
50 pips there's somehow still running
then we have yeah this is beautiful
Guardian 50 tips here then we have Swiss
friend Japanese yen more ranging phase
but somehow still consistently
supporting than what we got also okay
also yen we have New Zealand dollar
Japanese yen there it goes and look at
this in the very first hour of the
morning but anyway I started with a lot
of session here and we have also 50 pips
here so basically I was right in all the
cases
also today USD and a bit of retracement
so the metal retracements as they have
been done so throwdowns have been done
by GBP and USD compensating with the
others so they were growing together
therefore this synthetic instrument is
going with these oscillations but
towards up okay well I have reached the
same post I can even go more okay
because I can leave the trades let them
go
but for this proposals as if this is
petitioner proposes I can always stop
this I had my trainings my trades on
real accounts on other platforms of
course but I just coated the trays I had
and this is two days okay so you saw the
day before and this day - so this be
quite a good example close an example
that also gives us a idea that by having
a right perspective and mathematical
perspective on voice somehow we balance
from the menthol and technical analysis
and we merged them together blending
these two analogies because currencies
and currency pairs are related one to
each other by the ratio the overall
market performance gives a lot of
informations in regards to this so let's
just make a final statement okay
these goals and gift it to this a brief
examination so as you may notice in in
two days I've raised my balance from
fifty thousand units we always think in
terms of units of course if you have
less budget at the beginning you have
also to be very careful and this is a
money management situation of the lot
size that you are using but the
proportions are the same okay so with
the base of 50,000 units realizing
today's seven thousand and seven hundred
units it's quite a good result I think
okay so we are having
on 15 we have roughly the 15% 15% came
today's pay attention that this is
something that you cannot achieve only
by having a very accurate analysis at
the beginning of the day trying somehow
to get a proper and good point for the
Opposition in the trades okay but if you
are somehow predicting the right
direction of the currencies related to
strength and weakness as comes out from
the UFO expert advisor this is the
result anyway it's just only to have to
be a little bit more patient if you have
a little bit of throwdown
okay main direction where I made 17
trades with a hundred percent of
profitability is quite great consistent
system okay and this is it so basically
this was the rise up of my portfolio
you can also take a look here and see
how it develops
so my portfolio started around this area
and started only to grow and grow and
grow okay
this is to inspire you and put a bit of
understanding on the fact that not only
that trader or ctrader whatever platform
you're using it's not the indicators
that she uses not the news that you
follow is not that because at the end is
always something that has to relate with
some mathematical boundaries okay
between currencies and if you catch them
you can really override all the other
kind of analysis and focus directly on
placing some very simple trade because
seven positions in this gate of course
there are other situations where there
are too strong and too weak but in these
days it's working that way anyway the
moment you are focusing and catching a
snapshot of the market which you have
from 92 to a hundred percent of
probability of being right that's enough
there's nothing else you require okay so
I hope that also this practical example
of day trading in two days
help you to better focus on the fact
that any one of you with a bit of skills
on a spreadsheet importing data from
wherever they want I do that by using an
expert advisor that I have created in
order
sooo the best my Excel spreadsheet and
all this is explained in the to produce
video size if you are interested on this
you need to watch them as well because
there's a lot of information that I of
course I cannot repeat this one
otherwise it's going to be too long so I
wait for your suggestions comments or
emails as usual and of course I'm sorry
and I do apologize if I cannot reply to
all but I have to make a selection ok
and give priority to those who will want
to support this project or want to
participate somehow but I hope that also
part of my videos are answering to a
very great amount of people
that are driving me everyday these are
the final results of course that are
very likely to be in line with all the
other examples of day trading swing
trading intraday whatever I made in the
past even if I still have I still have
the opinion that intraday trading so
positioning some orders at the beginning
of the day closing them at the ending of
a market session or the ending of the
day and then repeat the process day by
day is the best way to approach before
it's too much volatility too much spikes
and rallies back and back and forth so
every day there are certain currencies
that are moving and others that are
still so you better get into the market
with your trades and then get out of the
market and leave the big hands to do
whatever they want and to the small
traders that normally do not want to
learn to lose their money okay this is
an example I'm not saying you have to
trade this way so with this lot size
with this badnesses you can even trade
with 500 euros trading with micro lot
and every very
very important results in a certain
amount of time okay and the good point
on this strategy which is the win
strategy win trade strategy so trade
what it's not weena stands for what is
not because I'm focusing on things that
are not shown directly especially on
trading platforms okay has finally
revealed a kind of coherency with all
the studies that I've made in the past
with the UFO engine and with some other
sophistications that I built along the
time using Excel because metatrader4
this is too much simple and it's not
meant for very complex calculations and
formulas okay so there has to be kind of
compromise but my compromise at the end
of the day gives a very interesting
result and I don't know what else to say
basically because with this I'm
concluding also this prior videos and I
will just wait for your feedback which
is always valuable
it's always a great pleasure to have
people that are following you and are
writing you and giving some recognition
to your work so because of this I will
never stop never ever stop to say thank
you to all of you for watching my videos
subscribing my channel are supporting
the projects of view and we though the
same we should good life good space