hi everybody and welcome to this new
episode which I to provide proofs of my
approach to forex forex analysis today
in a day trading example day trading
hedging example and we are in a
particular situation today because it's
the 2nd of March so we are at the
beginning of the month and by experience
I can tell you that every beginning of
something that may be today the week or
the month or the year as well the
approach must be very careful as well in
other situations like for example on the
Friday which today is Friday if we
decide to open trades after having
analyzed the markets
let's go directly to the platform and
let's see what it's going on I ready to
some trades I place it let me show you
in the first statement that I produce it
I upload my orders with positions that
were taken in this case and are running
the same taking at the very beginning of
the day so it's it's an 18 hours trading
ok
so into the day started very early this
morning one hour after midnight
of 2005 t4 and one o'clock okay and I
decided to trade Korean Jakob euro USD
and USD yen of course
Tatjana USD and sell an euro cotton euro
USD in by as usual I created a demo
account for example proposes along with
my live trading account with but that's
another story
so here I can show you very clean and
contextualized to this example the
methodology that I am use it to to adopt
for for reading the markets and of
course I signed you back also to my
previous videos to have further
informations and even more examples
because every week the Forex scenario is
changing there can be situations on
which you get a very long term horizon
of trading but normally my approach is
regarding the maximum the week which
anyway can provide enough points or pips
to be traded ok and to take profit so
why I choose these currency pairs so as
usual I do analyze the market
performance in terms of weeks the
weakness strength and overbought
oversold condition of the eight major
currencies that provides the a the 28
major currency pairs that almost every
broke
nowadays it can provide to the operators
for for forex trading let me show you
what the scenario was at the very
beginning because actually there is a
occurring retracement and maybe I can
analyze further the market and decide to
keep this position open but I would
close and close down as usual for the
final report and even because Australia
and in my approach no matter what the 95
percent of cases when it's Friday it's
time to close and take the profits and
take them out from the market there can
be unexpected retracements at the
beginning of the the next week that we
may not know maybe because of
fundamental reasons and anyway if we
behaved well in our trade along the week
it's more sufficient to to get this
results and at the same time keeps
ourselves flexible in making trades
every every week with kind of cycling
and constants and not just from time to
time so it's a way to keep give
ourselves flexible and in movement like
the market is the market is always
changing every day we can find different
scenarios that can provide more
opportunities sometimes we do enter not
at the proper level and we risk too
we go towards the risk of being into a
ranging situation whatever so we're
always to understand that the moment we
put our money into the market there
there is also there's also has to be a
moment in which we take our money out so
this is my approach and I'm not saying
that has to be the only one it's very
subjective to the trading and so I do
respect also other approaches no problem
but this is mine okay let's just magnify
for a while the situation of the monthly
scenario okay this is one of the rare
cases on which I trade euro dollar but
that was urine dollar were the two
currencies that were suggested at the
very beginning of the day strong and
weak to to project at least with other
two currencies and to hedge and this is
a quite very nice and clean example of
hedging with four currencies so let me
show you that at this time of the day so
at one o'clock in the morning one plot a
yen euro was very strong and is still
very strong okay so we have a plus sign
here let me just
use my bad and okay let me also do this
because of course I think you can see it
anyway yeah right so we have the monthly
chart here even because then we make
some considerations on the lower
timeframes which is quite nice to do
okay so we see that we see that euro is
is quite positive okay and another
currency that is very strong and
overboard is yen okay then we have at
least in the monthly USD week and also
CAD very weak you may notice and this is
also for the purposes of showing you
some kind of scenario that can persist
in the next week new zealand dollar
started to become weaker than the US
dollar which is still weak on monthly
analysis but started to became strong on
the weekly basis and also in the daily
basis while new zealand dollar as
confirmed in the weekly and in the daily
some kind of progressive weakness but as
i injected the trades this morning and i
let the market go now is 18 hours
trading exactly i decided to use this
this strategy and not to pick up other
trades because this is a proper hedging
a proper combination okay so this
retracing in towards kind of strength
strength situation of the dollar both in
the weekly and in the daily basis
suggest me that there can be a
retracement and weft tp9 as you
that today is Friday so as I said I'm
about also to close the trades no matter
what because it's Friday and I don't
want to leave my my money even if I
could do more you know it's like some
traders they use the ratio of 1 & 2 no
matter what and maybe they can do 4 or 5
but they stay straight to discipline and
this is my discipline okay
so let's grab probably this way so there
is some space on which we can on which
we can write down some things okay so if
do we do have to analyze the weakness
and the strongest currencies on the weak
side
we got USD
and
and as strong currencies we got euro and
yeah
they remind that I'm not considering at
this moment any currency pair I'm just
considering single currencies okay and
what comes out from my calculations is
an overall analysis that involves all
the 28 currency pairs suggesting me
values for each one of them okay but
what it's logical is that you trade
something weak and over both with again
something strong and our soul okay so in
this scenario of course euro and USD it
provides this pair
Philip being in by okay
and also Euro against cab as usual score
is base and carry squad
she should have been in by
on the other hand cut the end
the item I'm not writing very well
again
is for the cell
and also USD yen
is in the cell
I'm Alex
if you watch one of the webinars that I
was making in regards to hedging and to
identify a hypothetical square on which
we have four currencies then we can
combine for hedging you will see the
logic of this choice and I strongly
suggest you to go in my channel or maybe
in the playlist whatever you prefer and
take a look to this webinar on hedging
because what you see here is exactly one
of the examples that we may find there
explain it with some more Theory there
are sometimes scenarios on which this
kind of setup is not possible and we
have to choose maybe just two currencies
or three because these values are not
very significant and or they do or they
are quite uncertain or that they suggest
more arranging phase so in that sense or
maybe that we can do this kind of
example as well but when we go and open
the charts we see that the move has
already happened so in that case we have
to expect that we are not taking the
trade on a very convenient level okay as
usual I show you I'm not using stop-loss
so and that was proper because the
trades I injected I injected them at the
very beginning of the day so expecting
some kind of
nation and I will show you know why the
the for chart so you can also see we
will also see that so what we see here I
can I can also fix it go to poses so we
have you wrong USD and yen plus and CAD
if I go into weekly we see that dollar
USD is now positive so it's not any more
negative and New Zealand dollar and also
became very negative and also the palm
okay cut and yen there are still
maintaining this situation this is the
weekly but we are at the end of the week
and also in the daily CAD is negative
Japanese yen is positive and anybody
euro is stronger than dollar GBP is a
very little movements in positive and
also Hosie is a bit negative and New
Zealand dollar is still very weak but
these values correct in the middle of
the day
okay let's take a look for a second
also before closing the the orders let's
take a look
at the trades
and I will do also today another
situation an example okay we are using a
how early chart let's do this way
because it was all at the beginning of
the day so we need today to understand
hey
okay so let's fix this
so this was the
at the moment of the day
I cannot I cannot I cannot do it very
well
and I'd like to be precise in a way so
in this area
I went short on cap yen and look I got a
retracement what if I would have to turn
and put some stop loss I would have been
take out because then I went to sleep
okay for us regard you look at this was
the same situation I was a bit early
okay
then we go on a USD yen
and then let's go to the Euro Dollar
which is the same moment here that had
we had retracements here despite the
initial drawdown of the situation and I
have to tell you that with my real
account I started trading today before
some hours at the end of the night at
the beginning of the night of the night
before but this is because this is made
for example proposes so I waited
beginning of the day I created the team
account and then I waited for the
confirmation not of a price level in
this case but the confirmation of the
values even for my live account trading
I waited for the confirmation of these
values and then I injected that's right
and went back ok so the moment the
traders are there was some retracement
but the moment the trade develop even
for example in this area there was euro
dollar even retracing even more but
let's put a different color and let's
see what was going on around this area
let's say that around this area I was
long in Europe USD and if I would have
trade on the USD I woulda had a quite
significant throwdown okay at the same
moment let's see what was going on in
USD yen USD n was in profit around this
area so they were compensating Europe
had was if I was extremely compensating
around this area not maybe here but then
immediately because this is the in the
area of the euro dollar and kayvyun that
was in sell in this area was already
quite enough compensating so instead of
putting the stop-loss
as a method to reduce the risk as usual
in hedging the risk is reducer and
contained because we choose to to hedge
simultaneously currencies that have this
this condition
okay and we don't trade with um a
thousand trades we just use the logic
and you know an approach can be that we
may split the sides of our trades in
multiple price levels so that we also
can take a bit of profit and other let
them go but the logics is always this
you know too weak to weakest against to
strongest so we have four
for trades to control and if there's
something wrong that happen or that we
maybe see that the values are completely
changing over day we can take action
very easily without you know getting
come crazy or what else
when do I decide to enter the trades so
it's secondary to the fact that first of
all I have to analyze the market and
understand on which currencies I have to
focus first of all this is the first
step okay
second step is that when I do get out of
a train
and this is because I received emails
asking about this topics there can be
one condition
when weak and strong are different from
the ones that I started they are
completely others let's say that if
would have been weakest New Zealand
dollar as it was and let's say that US
dollar would have overcome and/or euro
would have become weak in this case I
should have stopped the trade because
all the formula this is a formulation is
as I remind you a plus B plus C plus D
which are of zero okay so when the the
elements the factors of this formula are
changing I can expect that this can go
also negative so this is the condition
on when I decide to close my trades and
then another condition is that we are at
the end of the markets like Friday or we
are at the end of the month so end of
the week end of the mountain this is an
extra condition that I force myself to
to apply in order to consolidate my
profit otherwise I have to develop a
methodology that can read even a bigger
scenario that it's possible but nowadays
with algorithmic trading and high
frequency trading and the institutions
and the central banks that are making
their dirty games I don't know I am too
little to to have this very long site
what I can do is that I can choose the
currencies that better perform that day
or week this is already enough for
providing me an income correct
so just to be fair showing you that even
if in in a situation of quite the only
moment of retracement of Eurodollar at
this price level USD was 10 USD yen was
providing me a profit euro CAD was also
a bit down but then immediately in a
high profit and cam yen in profit were
three in positive and just euro dollar
in negative that was the only moment but
for the rest there was this situation of
for forum for positive and we have 100
pips here 150 pips here fifty and sixty
seven tips of total which also
we can also tell that this is the the
result okay so well just for ending as
usual as I as I am used normally to to
do this every time to provide you also
the statement of what I did
let's make a final report
our sorry this is of course this is the
see they are still running I didn't
close the trades okay so that was the
the snapshot that I took half an hour
ago and we already made an extra 400
euros profit okay so now I will close
the trade and mate final
with a report only eight trades hundred
percent long positions for positions
take all the time for reading the values
and the stats and this was the line of
profit of that formula a plus B plus C
plus the major of zero debt you can also
appreciate in webinar that I strongly
suggest you to visit and and study
because of that I put a lot of knowledge
and theory about what I what my star
this where in regards to the forex
market and forex market exclusively with
this ending of the week and a very nice
result I thank you for watching
supporting and subscribing for those who
are constantly keeping in contact with
me and providing me observations and
questions that are also useful for
myself for improving my my knowledge and
focusing on the things that I'm still
missing when I want to analyze the
markets profitably so thank you
everybody and as usual I wish you a good
weekend
with time and good space by