good evenin everybody and in this video
I will show you something a little bit
different I have received a couple of
emails asking me about the fact that by
showing the way to analyze the market
it's normally something that of course
within the day for the day and majority
of the cases is true in the sense that
it's also that I don't want to bother
that much myself thinking about tomorrow
and trying to see even because I know
that the majority of time just because
maybe we don't enter on a proper level
with our trades we can occur also in
retracement so it's better every day to
open and close the positions and then
reset for the next day
unless we are in a good position since
the beginning but as I was saying some
of you were asking about the fact if the
kind of analysis I do can provide
informations that are reliable even for
solid swing traded like trading all the
week so what I did it was as usual open
an account for demonstration and let's
see what is going on at this moment and
tell you what I did
as you may notice today we are the 16 of
February 2010 a thing is Friday and
these are trades that I injected three
days ago so on Tuesday and relying on a
monthly chart
for the majority and monitoring on the
weekly daily and four hours in order to
understand if the retracements were
something that were overcoming my
positions or that would be acceptable
retracements and trading of course
always without stop-loss and I will take
profit right now just to show you what
it's about but first of all let's just
grab and tell you why I do I did trade
this for currencies as we notice in
monthly let me just put this more
evidence we had this values let's put
them here so you can see also what I'm
talking about
we have this for this values of this
major currencies that were Japanese yen
very strong with a very strong magnitude
strong in the sense that was the
strongest and oversold so ready to be to
go long okay against three major four
major currencies even if US dollar now
has retrace with a lot that were USD on
Tuesday USD was with a very weak weaker
magnitude and anyway Australian dollar
GBP and CAD were also very weak and
overboard okay so this was the
combination that suggest me to pick up
trades going short he knows it had us
team and
be against young go along okay so this
is the basic concept that led me to
generate this scenario of my credits
okay and as you can see the results at
the end of the week so the 13 the 14 the
15th and the 16th of February so four
days and I could have also trade a
little bit earlier but I walk out after
the Monday and if I wouldn't walk out
like probably two hours early I would
have take the same trades but in even in
a better position let me show you what
what happened so let's see for example
Hosey yen that's magnify this so let me
also help myself with this aid so you
can better understand why
like you made you
okay so
around this zone okay I got
I went short ocn and as you may notice I
could have realized this this profit at
maximum but I let the trades go just
because I was running so much time as we
ended and somehow if Icarus II was
retracing another chorus II was going
down so just to make it clear now I
would go into to another of the
currencies that I traded same day same
time of trading see a couple of hours
ago I would have been more easier we had
a Sunday sorry a monetary of ranging
phase and then this this fall also with
a strength of Japanese yen that was kept
for the majority of the week so here's
the yen and table yen around this area
as well so yeah most strong against this
if they if they tell you yarn is strong
then you have to decide what other
currencies are we to be traded okay and
finally GBP also GBP look GBP was
retracing and getting some strength
occurring in some moments where the
trade were resulting above the line so
with a
kind of negative situation for a cigar
to be beat upon easier pizzette but as
you may guess with other currencies that
were running in a profit direction the
overall balance was anyway positive okay
so this is what it instilled some of
them are showing what is revealed here
also this so we have Japanese yen
and we got had negative GDP negative
Ozzie negative and USD negative okay New
Zealand dollar in the monthly situation
boys quite strong plus 1700 so New
Zealand dollar was something that I
should have avoid to trade against yen
also euro was kind of stronger than USD
in my readings and also Swiss franc so I
helped myself excluding two currency
pairs Swiss franc and New Zealand dollar
that would have not been available to
maximize my profit and I focused my
attention reducing the exposition only
on this pair so CAD GBP
go see University
we we want strong yen okay
so with this kind of proportions I got
only four elements that I decided to
trade trying to attend to a monthly view
so as usual I will do now my balance
even if I could let it go a bit more but
it's almost time let's see for our it's
almost closing now the American session
okay
and probably we know what we're going to
words now that is the end of the week as
well so even if I could have take a bit
more for demonstrational purposes you
can see here the profit in terms of
point so 104 105 pips 200 pips 144 pips
around the 16 bits which is this amount
okay I don't want to messed up with some
kind of blind days of the weekend I can
reread the markets with the beginning of
the new wheat and see what I did and
what it markets the set up that will
take even if probably some of these
setups will occur that would be even
considerable retracement so it's better
to get out of the market and not leave
our money in the market and also I got
already some spot okay so it's
it's likely not to go further so I will
now close the trance and do as usual the
save body turn the board
okay only four trades which are these
ones clear simple I was pretty lucky in
the sense that these values in the Monte
were just sustaining all of them and in
the in weekly and in daily even if there
were some retracements there was anyway
a presence of the young maturity of time
strong the world moments were in the day
the young was a bit weak and for example
gdp was getting strong and it was
exactly when now I I don't have any more
let me show you okay I was starting here
okay
and when GDP was getting strong and yen
was getting we this was what happened
but only with the GBP becames yen while
in the cadion there was the situation so
even here yet got a little be wheat
helping the CAD to make some
refreshments even here okay
and even here but after a big rally down
or takes off it's also something that I
have to keep in consideration that I'm
going towards a point of good refining
of my formulas applied to the forex
market and in gaining some more accuracy
and in order also to demonstrate that
it's possible to make a more long-term
trading in the sense of the week where
you have just to keep monitor your
trades and the overall behavior of the
currencies couple of times a day and let
them go till the end of the week I think
that also swing trading if made with
accuracy and per time so not one it's
too much late because of course I could
have read this situation let me grab the
Japanese did you peepee Japan easier if
instead of entering here in the GBP
Japanese yen I was entering here I would
have not gained that much profit at the
end right and I would have been exposure
a lot so never do that if some of the
move has already occurred or even in the
Aussie yen Bukhatir let's say that I
would I was reading Jose young to trade
not on Tuesday but on Wednesday for
example and I said okay Jose young so I
would have had this and I would have had
this up and down this so
I would have been in the right arranging
things the important thing is to read
for time certain values and take a
proper action and then give to the to
our trade the opportunity to make the
oscillation and diversify the race so
that by trading multiple assets
autonomously even if I was in negative
for example with GBP Japanese yen I
wasn't positive with USD OC and CAD
advanced yet this is the approach that I
use no matter if it's a day trading or
swing trading and it's quite comfortable
to see that no matter the the short or
medium-term what is important always and
that always led me for the evaluation if
I was correct or not it's the fact that
I am evaluating the currencies against
currencies not currency pairs and I
always evaluate the market performance
and in terms of strengths and weakness
for the first parameter let's say but
also now with this new set of formulas
also in terms of overbought and oversold
okay with this
very nice result for this week I thank
you for watching for the many mails I've
received in this week and I also hope
that those who were writing me talking
about this topic they had some answers
and
I wish you a very nice weekend and this
usual good time and space bye