hello everybody and this is just a brief
recap and the second part of the video
that I posted yesterday so today is the
5th of January 2018 is Friday it's
almost time to close the markets and
close the latest positions and I wanted
to to show you a brief final episode
from time to time z' occurs in forex
which normally occurs around 3:30 in the
afternoon after some hours from the
beginning of the American session
probably some of you get trapped into
that high spike that we got by the
southern strength of Carter towards
other currencies unluckily or luckily I
don't know but I was not on the computer
I was out to make my song some stuff and
I just arrived home and opening the
platform
I noticed of course with the big spike
of tab we can see here cat got stronger
than any other currency okay I was a bit
rushing all the things and trying to
understand what would have been possible
to be done and noticed that when this
elements occur like we are having a
situation where we should buy CAD and so
I don't know Japanese yen but that the
big move has already happened and we are
in this area for example we have to
consider that the big move has already
happen and if you notice my algorithm
even today respected for example what I
was posting please take a look at the
previous video for all the
specifications of the graphical module
that I am building and even in this case
this levels the blue line and orange
line that was
that is a formulation from the previous
day activity was rejecting the price
above even in this case we see this this
line has never been violated and the
price continued in this case on the
caveum to grow and grow and grow until
we got a spike and this morning and
first afternoon I was out all of the day
so I couldn't monitor the situation but
I was in the surroundings here when I
come back home so when I was home I
decided to read the situation of the
markets but this time not in the higher
time frames because they have already
they have already expressed the move and
I decided to focus on the lower
timeframes so on the 30 minutes 15 1
hour okay
and in this case even if now we see at
half an hour there is a kind of tag that
is still strong but it's decreasing and
I was captured by some values that then
came later also in other currencies but
particularly was inverted the situation
so cab was decreasing and Japanese yen
and US dollar work at whether we're
getting strong in the lower timeframes
this time because of course in the
higher time frames we have to expect
something probably next week I don't
know but we are in in the end of the
week and
it's Friday so we are about now that
markets the America session has just
closed and then we have two days off of
the weekend so we cannot at least for
what it's my way of trading I avoid and
try to close as much as possible all the
positions before the ending of the
markets okay so in this example I'm
showing you that in this case we can of
course think like we are missing we have
missed the opportunity of this big spike
up or in the in the case of USD cab here
is another example of these two barriers
that are still painted by my algorithm
based on the previous day activity in a
kind of formulation even in this case
for example the price started and opened
the day at this level went up and the
moment arrived to this threshold the
price started to float and ranging for
then not violating and going higher but
then was rejected down like a kind of
resistance and then in this case the
pump down because of the cat so strong
against the US dollar so normally if we
are here then we we can think okay but
in the higher time frames curve is
strong but now the higher time frames
for the day are done and we should focus
on the lower time frame like the
15-minute charts for example or the 30
minute charts of the 5 minute charts and
just to see if we can get some
retracement
significant retracements and at this
moment for example we see the Japanese
yen and u.s. dollar are stronger than
CAD that even if he's showing some some
strength is at the decrease in strength
21 the previous value of three four
minutes ago 17 and 12 so is decreasing
and Japanese yen and US dollar are
floating and increasing okay so there is
the opposite there is a time of
confirmation that for a shorter move
cut the onion and us the card are going
higher
but until what point at least this this
calculation this line of calculation
it's now showing me a possible target
for stopping my trade in fact for
example in the Aussie that now is very
weak we can see the cross ocicat
the moment the price arrived to the
calculation for this for this pair even
LC cab went down okay around this these
lines are not precise lines like every
line we do there are they they represent
an area of price action okay but take a
look how the Pussycat Posey was strong
from the day before when very fast up
until this point and once is richard has
reach at this point the the there was a
kind of stop so we can think about stop
the trade at this level and then closed
the trades
or for today so I am expecting a bit of
extra move for usd/cad and Fabian that I
am actually trading in for this
retracement and and I had to close the
trades just to show you that I'm always
in the same account and in the same move
this is the very first account which you
can compare with the video that I posted
yesterday this was the first statement
and this the second one with you can
always check also the profit that has
been made with the trades and also the
floating profit of the open trades of
yesterday and that was the final balance
of yesterday when I closed the trades in
fact then currencies were ranging so
that they were tracing all of them and I
just have now this trades running I made
a little test with Campion and you SD
card in sell and in buy today see here
the trader
of the fourth and he started to are
starting the trades of the fifth and
then I took positions and keeping
positions this was a statement of some
some hours ago one hour ago
so now let you make
rapport or what is the situation now
which is a little bit increased profit
for for what is running okay and I
should have somehow wait bit more but
really I would like to close the
positions before the ending of the
markets so this can be enough anyway as
a as a final move
let's give or take a look because CAD is
somehow having some strength
anyway okay so it could be a final in in
the case of us the final strength for
then weakening and reach this point or
it can be enough because every currency
and cross are behaving differently but
what is good to see is that even if
we're missing maybe the the big chance
because we enter the trades too much
late and it can happen because we're not
always in front of the screen and we're
not always trading or we're doing also
other things but there's also the
opportunity in if it happens that that
the main move has already been done
qualifying the values that we are seeing
here the moment for example I take the
weekly chart or the daily chart and I
say okay time
japanese yen by okay Cardon USD by okay
but then I go in the car Japanese yen
and I am here or here and I should think
about shall I have to buy with this big
move already been done we are talking
about as to an averaged 113 peeps in
10-15 minutes so that was already a big
move and probably there would be an
oscillation time now I don't know I
always prefer not to know and read
instead of supposing too much and then
be too much sure of my suppositions
without any kind of any kind of support
from math for math math for me is
essential to have a confirmation of the
behaviors that are running into the
trades and the behaviors that are
running into the price action so all the
same no matter if is rich it will it
will reach or not because we have to
understand that for example there are
currency pairs that are behaving and
there are more liquid at this power and
other trade and other currencies that
are less liquid and therefore they can
appreciate or depreciate depending also
on other factors so what I will do it's
twenty three thirty so it takes just
less than half an hour to close the
markets and probably also the volatility
can increase at this point so I will
close my friends just to make really
find a report for this week
show you what the result is okay so this
was the final ending of an approach that
has been traded for a ranging situation
that then if you see the currencies that
I traded in the day of yesterday this
currency were totally different from the
currencies of today because CAD came out
very fast
but let's say for example that I am in
this situation where I'm trading this
currencies of course I don't have any
chart with carp open right because I'm
having GBP New Zealand dollar GBP
Australian dollar New Zealand dollar yen
right so how can I think about stopping
something and focus on other things if I
have just these charts where cab is not
present but the moment I have this
algorithm running and like in the daily
situation and I see that this value
increases that much from I don't know
was about 50 70 to 500 while other
currencies behaved totally different
even Europe who the beam or Aussie and
it's even dollar all these currencies
were somehow having a kind of big move
against tab because cab got a strong
appreciation in very few minutes and I
think I was lucky not to be there
because otherwise I should have
said lucky if I was I was in this
timeframe okay at around this hour so I
could have hypo ties for a move down the
moment I was looking at this kind of
ranging around this area for usd/cad and
for this area that was violated
never never violated would can be an for
example but as I was in the surroundings
and also taking a bit of consideration
volumes for us regard the spike that
then saturated and then started the
price started to retrace I decided to
take the opposite trading that which is
somehow risky because there can be a lot
of situations it depends on what
currencies we are taking about we are
taking in consideration but I was always
differentiating my risk by having a
common element which was CAD and two
opposite currencies USD and yen that by
the algorithm in the lower the lower
timeframes were revealing kind of
reaction with strength while CAD in the
Gulf and our time frame was decreasing
now the situation it could be arranging
situation in this half an hour that can
happen a lot of moves I can maybe you
know take even a bit more of profit or I
can also lose because probably the price
can also be
ejected down and I have to consider that
I am in a retracement phase and I have
to be very careful so this is more a
scalping situation okay compared to a
long trade where this move should have
happened but anyway revealed some
profitability and this is another way to
use the reading of the markets in the
multiple time frame that's why I let me
just close some charts that I don't need
but in this case let's do this
normally the the main asset is this one
so having one minute five minutes 15 30
minutes one hour four hours they week
amount I start to analyze this charts
first always and then focus on the
crosses that are coming out from the
evaluation of these charts but the
moment then I decide to open the charts
I take a look if the move that I was I
am expecting to to have has already
happened or there is no such a big move
yet so it is more likely and with more
high probability that something can
happen I was late
I missed this opportunity but I tried
anyway to figure out something like this
for usd/cad into tradesmen and for
Cardian
as well in the tradesmen so sometimes
there are opportunities and
opportunities are everyday of course
would have been better to get this move
and get out here and have fun later for
the rest of the evening but as my time
today was completely different and I was
not at the computer since 3:30 for that
hour what else could have done more than
taking in consideration a possible
anyway big retracement because we're
talking somehow of 50 tips that can have
a good reward if well played and this is
43 along with some kind of confirmation
see now in 50 minute charts we're having
cat again getting some how strong and
Japanese yen getting weak again and US
dollar quite stable so with less than 20
minutes from the closing of the markets
there can be a final move that can
inspire and make more confusion in the
traders but for me it's is finish today
and this is the the very ending of this
trade example for this week for this
first week of
January 2018 of course as usual I invite
you to check out on your Metatrader
platform the values the positions the
charts whatever you may want to analyze
and I also wanted to make this video for
for giving you a monthly view at the end
of the week with my method a weekly view
so then you can stop and take note stop
the video then play it and ignore a
daily and the 4-hour and of course the
setup method next week can be completely
different or can be confirmed but as
usual on Monday we should not trade or
at least understand the news top of the
markets that will take for that week
considering even the day before and as
we have two days of darkness which is
the weekend where banks are closed and
all the activities are closed and maybe
there can be a new event or something
that can influence certain currencies I
think that we have to take some kind of
careful approach the very first hours of
Monday so
we don't have to expect to trade
immediately or that these values are
that these values will be the same but
anyway they can they can be a kind of
refer amount especially if we think
about the weekly and the monthly and
then we see how the currency behaves
like I said to move them already be done
but there are also opportunities of
trade that can be realized the moment in
the lower timeframes in this case there
is a kind of confirmation in the
opposite direction that is stable for at
least some hours but this said as usual
I wish a good time and space and I thank
you for watching and for the supporting
I receive a lot of mails yesterday and I
know some of them I replied other where
were asking me other questions some
questions were also about having a
vision of the markets of today and I
think with this video so I implemented
and shown you some some new values and
also shown you that these calculations
that are done on the previous day are
quite a good referral and also for for
having a vision of where where the price
is and what kind of price action we can
expect and with this said I wish you a
good weekend and a very good start of
next week
by